Of course it goes without saying that all the music above would probably have been familiar to Gardel's audience, too. But it's not that widely known here. It's not difficult or inaccessible music, but it's not a routine part of the popular culture in the same way that it would have been when Gardel was playing El dia que mi quieras, or even as it was when my grandmother's relations were making their own entertainment in Australia with performances of Bizet's Au fond du temple saint.
Never Did No Wanderin' by The Folksmen
hold, to not let go
I think I did three sets of revisions in the end. The first involved clarifying the plot. I kept moving away from the main thread and rambling in different directions. Once I’d mastered that I had to switch some chapters round and cut some bits out then work a little on the dialogue. Plotting has been the most difficult part of writing so far. But through writing Shine, I studied plot hard, learned a lot and with my second book, Glitter, due out on Sept. 2nd, I had one small amount of editing to do. I kept waiting for Rachel to send the MS back with more to do when I discovered it was already with the copyeditor!
Nicole Kidman is pitch-perfect here. For those who don’t know, Nicole was a natural red-head as a child, then her hair naturally lightened to blonde as she got older. Nicole Kidman is a Spring, and she has everything in place here. Light hair (even if it’s dyed, it’s still light and warm), ivory gown with golden accents…homegirl is straight winning here.
Straight away, one has to think about Mycoplasma pneumonia. People at highest risk for mycoplasma pneumonia include those living or working in crowded areas such as schools, Army barracks and homeless shelters. The incubation time for Mycoplasma pneumonia is one to 4 weeks. This means that it takes one to 4 weeks after catching the bug to become ill. A bit like with chickenpox, which has an incubation time of one to 3 weeks.
Najib will also need a strong showing in Sarawak and Sabah, where the likes of PBS and Upko insist an RCI into the influx of illegal immigrants is crucial.
Victory Brewing Company Storm King Stout
As well as Kouhaku, the sun rising over Mount Fuji was broadcast on live on tv, and I ate soba! So that was my fairly authenic seeing-in of the new year. By the way, my Chinese horoscope is Dragon, so 2012 is my year!
How to find a plan that will help produce a brochure on some of them to check out some of their floor plans. A great idea is to visit some of the manufacturers of these people if possible. Go talk to a salesperson, Log Home Plans you can ask a question through your mind. Most of the staff are very pleased to help you in choosing a friend.
Yes I know sleep deprivation is part of the deal. But suffice it to say we were overwhelmed. There were tears. There were moments of sheer panic, dread, and fear.
In a medium bowl, mix together the yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, ¼ teaspoon salt, and ⅛ teaspoon pepper. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.
Whoever penned this has serious issues if you ask me. Not just insane, doubly so if you work it out. I don't know what else to say really, I'm a bit lost for words with this one.
The issue carries the coverline “Catherine Middleton, the making of a modern princess” and looks back at the magazine’s 95-year history of covering royal weddings.
So what does this have to do with legalization of drugs? Where is the connection? Here is my position. You can legalize one drug, but you cannot legalize them all. The industry will simply reinvent itself. Not to mention the prison industrial complex is driven by this industry as well. There is simply to much “legal” money tied to illegal activity.
Here is Block #1 of the Vintage Rouge 6 month BOM program by Marcus Brothers.
Rolling Panic Affiliated 2 Complete Rolling Panic Affiliated 1 with 100 credibility or more
I'm going to steal a joke from Kevin Bridges here. No-one ever calls people from Edinburgh Edinburgers, do they? You've got your Invernesians, Aberdonians, Dundonians, Glaswegians and cunts fae Edinburgh. It may be a joke but it's true. I can imagine that part of the reasoning for not allowing the hovercraft to run is that it'd allow easier access for dirty, six finger Fifers to cross the river and bam up the city.
Those caves were where the cheddar was stored to age.
Please note this list is not meant to be exhaustive. If you think of anything not covered here, feel free to file it immediately under the "Unacceptable" heading and move along. If you are still unsure about whether to broach a subject with Darth Vader, simply ask yourself, "Do I really want the extremely angry, murderous Dark magic-wielding cyborg to pay any kind of particular attention to me?"
On New Year's Day, I opened the drawer of my bed stand. There was my journal, and Annie's, but Henry's was absent. I gave my room a cursory rummage to no avail. My husband consoled me, saying it's bound to show up somewhere. Still, days later, I have not found it. It's absence is nagging at me. Multiple times a day I open my bed stand drawers, hopeful that by some miracle the journal will be there, found. I've entertained the idea of searching for it in the strangest places - like the big blue garbage cans in the garage - uncertain if these impressions are the product of inspiration or complete lunacy.
submerged in the bewildering velocity,
Shadows and mirrors…
So one day Todd asked why I didn't just make this into a casserole. He said he's probably like the peppers better if they were mixed in. He figured he liked green peppers on a pizza, but it was because it was all mixed in. So I search all over the internet but found nothing that was exactly like my moms, so I came up with my own. It's super simple, yet delicious and semi healthy at least. Luke LOVES it now too!
But then there's this other kind of "favorite": books created a shift in my life--either how I understand the world or how I want to live in it. But these are not necessiarily the kinds of books one can read over and over. You read them, they change you. Were you to approach these texts again, you would not experience the same tectonic shift, because you're already different. But by golly, you sure want other people to experience that transformation, too.
NANCY GOSLEE POWERS: Landscape Architect
Marine engineering staff also deal with the “hotel” facilities onboard, notably the sewage, lighting, air conditioning and water systems. Engineering staff manage bulk fuel transfers and require training in firefighting and first aid. Additional duties include maintaining the ship’s boats and performing other nautical tasks. Engineers play a key role in cargo loading/discharging gear and safety systems, though the specific cargo discharge function remains the responsibility of deck officers and deck workers.
In her own words: Quite simply I'm a Brit who was whisked off by a knight in shining armour (well, an accountant) to live in the USA some twenty years ago. We now have three kiddy-winkies and a mutt with selective hearing.
Then I was asked my final opinion on the race, if the Democratic primary were held tomorrow.
Today is May Day. I think you are suppose to leave flowers on someone's doorstep. And try to get away before they catch you. If they do catch you leaving them flowers, you get a kiss.
New England Patriots DE Jared Crick (Neb) It was surprising to many to see New England quietly continue to win. Now they are ready to address their short comings after (my prediction) of losing to the Baltimore Ravens. Crick provides the Patriots a player used to playing in the cold and willing to do what it takes to succeed.
4. changing positions
The MACC has listed numerous further concessions associated with Michael Chia as a result of its investigations (below), so why has the Chief Minister denied any dealings with Chia whatsoever? As Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Yayasan Sabah, he exerts ultimate approval over all timber licences, including those given to Chia.
It's alright to slow down. In fact, it feels . . . amazing.
Here are just three of the many projects that caught my eye this week:
Marsi shares yet another one of her secrets today. What would we do without her?
They do a disservice to the people of this nation by presuming that we are unable to understand the need to appease the Malays while safe-guarding the rights of the non-Malays.
Using my mind to hone in, I start to get nearer, and feel the voices.
But for so long the politicians were blind to all of this. In Bath, one of England’s most beautiful cities, the Liberal Democrat-led council even proposed to erect a 240ft wind turbine on the hills just to the south. The scheme was heavily promoted by a local landowner, the only person who stood to benefit in windfall profits. It was only after mass protests, and a threat by UNESCO to take away the city’s world heritage status, was the proposal reluctantly dropped.
Liv is hilarious though. She says the funniest things. Sunday I went into our little bathroom in our room to change and throw on some make-up and she followed me in there, shut the door and said "mama, what da matter?". I looked at her and laughed then said "nothings the matter Liv" and she continued on with "tell me what da matter?". Haha, there was absolutely nothing wrong, but it was so cute and thoughtful that she felt the need to come ask. I don't get to see that side of her every day.
You are starting to have more conscious inner conversations with your Higher Self as you go about your Earthly duties and much guidance comes through to you.
Jan 13 – Shahrizat takes leave from her official duties to make way for the MACC’s probe on whether or not she had any involvement in the NFCorp issue.
Just when you thought that California couldn't get any crazier they find a way to do just that. Enter Assembly Bill 1960, which enables owners of businesses that contract to the state to identify themselves as LGBT. Please don't ever tell me that the state of California doesn't have their priorities straight as to what is important in the day to day lives of the people living there. I mean, who wouldn't think it's important to tell the government ones sexual orientation? And just why would the state of California require this information anyway? Well, one can only speculate, but my guess is that if a person were to identify with the new elite and untouchable class - the fabulous LGBT peeps - then your business would get a great big green light for the state to do business with. Gone are the days when the business playing field was level and no one was interested who you poked in the dark as long as you got the job done - enter the days where your sexual orientation is more important above all else. Just where is the enough-line drawn with this LGBT crowd? Now that they have successfully lobbied the lobotomised bureaucrats, what's next? Maybe they should push to tattoo the foreheads of everyone who isn't part of the LGBT community? Take their children away? Chase them out of the state? Keep it up California - your state is doing real great! No budget - tick. No money - tick. High debt - tick. Happy LGBT community - tick, tick, tock.
I really like to be “model-coach” and help other to get the small details away from the photo from the beginning instead of getting the afterwork in photoshop.
And then there's the midden - the garden shed in all it's glory. I should have cleared it before doing anything else. I seem to spend a lot of time wading in looking for things. I noted in passing that Elaine at Rosebank Ramblings seemed to be in the same position with her greenhouse. But Elaine has tidied hers up! I partly put up the photos on this post to shame me into doing something about it.
Is it morally wrong to kill people? Not really, argue two eminent American bioethicists in an early online article in the Journal of Medical Ethics. Walter Sinnott-Armstrong, of Duke University, and Franklin G. Miller, of the National Institutes of Health believe that “killing by itself is not morally wrong, although it is still morally wrong to cause total disability”. Skipping ahead to the money quotes:
So Many Scallops w N.M $6.00
Since we had so much rain this month, I only got Cole across the river 4 or 5 times. That meant that I had plenty of time to work him on the hill. To start with, I continued to work with him in the arena or walk him up and down the driveway for a few minutes before putting him in his stall after coming up the hill.
Glued to my seat and my wine
It means that, as violently angry as people become when any boundaries of sex are brought up . . I have to stand by them. I can’t endorse homosexuality, because the Bible says it’s wrong. People may hate me all they want, but that wasn’t my decision to make. My decision to make–and I am responsible for this one–is to choose who I will serve. And I have chosen. And the King I follow says homosexuality is wrong. But that’s not all, although it seems to be the one people most remember. Pornography, sex outside of marriage, rape, crude language–all are wrong to God. And so all are wrong to me.
Please contact me if you have any questions, concerns or difficulties accessing DreamBox Learning at home.
I have found that most psychologists, psychiatrists and other mental health professionals are not only extraordinarily compliant with authorities but also unaware of the magnitude of their obedience. And it also has become clear to me that the anti-authoritarianism of their patients creates enormous anxiety for these professionals, and their anxiety fuels diagnoses and treatments.
Dear President Jonathan,
Throughout this presentation there have been arguments made for its political, aesthetic, cultural, historical, spiritual value, but nothing can be effectively done to save or restore this building in its current state and with its history. It’s completely, utterly hopeless.
sure that Santa Claus would bring it to her.' I
The vignettes were so creative and colorful wherever we looked.
Pretzels or Chips? If we’re allowing Synder’s flavored Buffalo Chicken Pretzel bites, then pretzels. If we’re not, then chips… but even then, salt and vinegar chips. I’m not one for a plain pretzel or chip.
Now, hurry and eat it before the new year hits and you have to be good again.
She's with her friends. I still know some of them and the people that they will one day become.
April 24, 2008 -- Cops in commando gear, armed to the teeth with submachine guns and bomb-sniffing dogs, were on subway platforms and trains this morning on the first day of a federally funded anti-terror drive, drawing stares - and a few complaints - from rush-hour straphangers.
Well, I'm a little confused. You see, I wrote the person handling our case at the agency 1 month ago asking if everything was in, and she said "yes". I specifically asked her this question because we never received any of the copies of our state or federal clearances for me to keep track with.
“Leave the man alone. He got voice of angel.”
The debate on the table, however, is regarding the women’s choice, because in this case the system actually got the finalists right with three women who truly had outstanding seasons (Valerie Adams, Sally Pearson & Vivian Cheruiyot) – making the choice an extremely tough one. I know because it was the same choice I found myself forced to make when making my own AOY selections.
*Discard your lens container on a monthly basis to prevent possible microbial contamination.
When she spends the summer with her father and his new family, everything changes for Auden. She gets a job and learns how other girls her age live; it’s at this stage she realises everything she missed out on while trying to please her mother. And when Auden meets Eli she feels as though she’s finally met somebody who understands her.
But, as I'm touring the place with this person, I am suddenly very aware that there are places where the paint is peeling, and there are boards showing through the drywall. There's been water damage, and the floorboards are spongy and smell of mold.
Authors are not athletes, looking to stomp the opposition. We try and write the best book we can, for our own reasons. It's wonderful to win, it's less wonderful to come close. It's demoralising and disappointing to feel over-looked. But to think you're on a shortlist and then get taken off? To hear that your book has been mixed up with another one? That's an insult.
While teaching math to students, I have hypothesized why this occurs and it doesn't have anything to do with intelligence.
The basement is as purged as it is going to get, peeps. Now it needs to be packed in boxes.
“Can’t pick you up at your place- too near Dunkin Donuts. Cops’ll see me. But I can circle ‘round and get you. Just wait for me at the side of the road next to the Passaic. That’s where I hit the deer. You’ll see the bent rail. Wait there.”
Good night,
Left Hand Brewing Company Jackman's American Pale Ale
Build a steely nest, a family’s testy nerves,
Postscript:
Drop off-sites open: 11am - 5pm
The boy’s mother, whose unarmed son was shot dead last month by neighbourhood watch captain George Zimmerman in a gated community, said: ‘They killed my son and now they’re trying to kill his reputation.’
Brilliance, Tsukineko Many people like this because the black is richer than the brilliance, however, it needs to be heatset. You can use this on fabric, heat-set it, then color it with your Copics and it works great.
It is happening to me as of now.
But when you came into my life, you completed that love, I knew all so well...
I can write 1500 – 2000 words a day. It takes about four hours of writing. Another ½ hour of planning, and many hours of thinking. Before I did NaNoWriMo, I would usually turn my computer on and have a look at what I had written the previous day and spend most of my time fixing it and not moving forward. With NaNoWriMo I mostly ignored
So onward with our Spring Theme. Do you recognize the cartridge I used? Nursery Tails. Just a reminder to take a second look at those cartridges. I did add a little inking around the scalloped border but other than that I didn't change a thing.
the recipe for the pork with leeks is from my mother and i stumbled upon the recipe for leeks and beets here and i knew it will be good.
Sad news the death of Davy Jones, the pocket sized pop star and tambourine banger in *the* Best Boy Band - ever. I can't better John Robb's piece - so I'll remember him with a repost...
Last year, police launched a pre-emptive strike, arresting those selling Bersih T-shirts as well as Parti Sosialis Malaysia members who were dubbed the “heroic EO6”. On July 9, special “arrest squads” moved in and police were filmed using excessive force against those hauled up. One policeman even admitted to FMT after that it was wrong to beat and kick protesters.
Well, no one can doubt the power of brown brogues shoes, especially when paired with your navy suit. This is what a man needs in his closet, I mean, you.
I leave the skins on my apples because I like skins, but if you want to peal, that is fine too. Basically, fine chop your apples into small pieces, then in a medium bowl mix the apple pieces with your lemon juice, water, sweetener and flour and cinnamon. You make a nice coating of spice and flour over all of your apples. Mix well to make sure it is evenly coated. Let sit while you pull the crust from the oven and let cool just a bit. Then, when the crust is par-baked and slightly cooled, pour the apple filling over the crust in the 9x13 pan.
6. Fill holes in quarter round on stairs (FREE)
Anwaar: You know that I do not share your views. I know there are flaws in our lives, but I’d be happier if we just accepted it.
Luck - or the goddess Fortuna - used to be portrayed in art as a woman turning a ever-moving wheel, the Wheel of Fortune, on which people rode from success to failure and from failure to success. Chance, fortune: the fall of the dice, the pattern of the cards, the flip of a coin - down the ages, people have used them in attempts to steer themselves through the multiple possibilities and uncharted waters of the future. Now here's a brilliant YA novel by Nicola Morgan that explores all this. The hero is Jack, a teenager with a double tragedy in his past. His life was changed for ever by a set of freak circumstances, and now he's obsessed by the 'what-if's' and 'if only's' of past and future. If even tiny events may have unpredictably catastrophic results, how can you choose your way? Jack has, he thinks, found the answer. He tosses his lucky coin and allows chance to guide him. But can chance ever be a sure guide?
It is time once again to focus on my daughter, finding a job and myself. I need to stop faking health in a blog and start figuring out why I do the shit that I do. I literally hate who I am right now. I hate that I can’t fix me. I hate that I am not worthy of being happy. I hate that happy makes me uncomfortable. I hate that my daughter has anger issues that I am positive she has got from watching me. Right now, unfortunately, I hate most of everything ME!
After we spent some time outside, it became clear that the kids (and adults) were getting warm. We moved everyone inside for our version of Pin the Tail on the Donkey...only this time it was Pin the Birthday Number on the Minifig. I found a basic black and white outline of a classic minifigure online and had my local print shop enlarge it for me. Using the same Avery round label stickers we used for the water bottles, we made #5 stickers for each child. We wrote their name on the front of the sticker and had them try to get as close the number 5 on the minifig's chest as possible. We had a couple of peekers...but it was all great fun.
Dole Save $.50/2 fruit cans (5/20)
The next three layouts are made from an older paper line from SEI, Dill Blossom.
Now, you may doubt that Jesus's Mom would appear to people in chocolate drippings, grilled cheese sandwiches, or tortillas, but you have to remember that this is America, and we are big, fat fucks, and the only thing that we will pay attention to is food or TV. The Virgin cannot demean Herself by appearing on "The OC" (like there are any virgins on there, anyway; She would stand out like a sore thumb amongst all those teenage whores), so food it is.
I was chatting to the horribly young Valerio after he had delivered our wood for the winter when he happened to point out that he and his brother were responsible for clearing the snow from our roads (see above, that is him last winter). "Lordy" I said, "what a wonderful job, all that power and effect, master of all that you see, clearing a path for us humble peasants" in effect the usual nonsense.
Really, I had already been teaching myself all of this. I researched some other programs across the US but ended up not wanting to leave the Bay Area. How much more do I need to learn? Maybe I just wasn’t confidant enough to think I could actually start this venture on my own…
Story by Stan Lee
For my card I used Collecting Seashells from Stamps Happen, and I decided to make a scene using Distress inks. I used some Frosted Lace stickles for waves, but it doesn't show in the pic. The little shells were from a Woodware Nautical set.
field of study of the "apparently irrational behaviour," as quipped
We come now to the fourth feast, the Adoration of the Magi. After the soul by God’s grace has spiritually conceived, brought forth and named this dear child, the three kings, understood here as the three powers of the soul, resolve to go in search of the child already revealed to them in the royal city, that is, in the structure of the created universe.
This has to be my most favourite item of all the items I was sent. The scrummy looking cupcake is a pin cushion, and is now my prized possession on my dressing table :) It can fit a large number of pins and very eye catching.
Why are educators today being asked to choose?
7. Natural born drinkers (3:17)
It’s the one BIG event of high school and the “nugget” that inspired this story (a dress malfunction I had) occurred at a dance so I decided prom would be the perfect place for a night of disastrous events to comically unfold.
These photos certainly do not do Margaret Elmes’ paintings justice so I would invite you all down to the shop this weekend to view them in person There also silk painting and pastels!
Amid all of this, they’ve also lost their baked beans. Despite the city’s moniker as “bean town,” and the proliferation of comfort-food joints, gastro-pubs and heritage cooking, Boston-style baked beans have become woefully under-represented here. Durgin Park is recommended on a few sites, and Citizen Public House serves them with one entrée, but overall it seems local eateries are more keen on polenta and poutine than the humble bean. Why are local chefs ignoring one of the area’s greatest culinary traditions?
Now, my heart has been longing for green, rolling hills, old houses, flowering gardens, narrow back roads, and Kent. Well, yesterday and today my desire was satisfied! Today, when we left the caravan we drove along the coast. English houses trimmed with flowing gardens abounded. Fields full of sheep ran along the road as well. We reached several towns and they are so quaint and full of character! Brick and stone buildings with window boxes full of flowers! Decorative edging around the doorways. Beautiful, old windows! Oh, take away the cars and replace the roads and you could be transported back two or three hundred years (and trust me, I would LOVE that)! Uncle Gavin and I took the dog for a walk through the park along the river. Positively picturesque or book like! Do you know the pictures that have someone sitting along some European river on a low wall fishing? YES! That! With two swans and six cygnets (swan babies). There were also three or four ducks! Yes, the dog wanted to chase them. Oh, in the grass are little daisy-like flowers...but they are very low to the grass! So beautiful! In the distance, just past the beautiful, English houses were the green, rolling hills!!! *Ready? Set... Imagine!*
As usual the 40 pieces selected from 40 artists will be from a range of 'established and emerging illustrators, designers and street artists', in editions of 40 and sold for £40!
3. Spread mayo on other slice of bread top with bacon, sliced tomato, and lettuce
Mom went to pick up the kids and cracked up... Brody was in what she called "isolation" in the 1 year old room... separated from the other kids trying to minimize the infection possibilities! She said the whole school stunk... apparently Brody wasn't the only one afflicted. Although with Brody, I'll be honest, on any given day I don't know if you'd be able to tell the difference from his normal ridiculous stinkiness to actual sick stinkiness. That boy is something else, I'm telling you. He defies the laws of nature.
Fox took me through his daily routine and showed me what his life is going to look like when he owns the farm in the future. When Fox says he does everything on the farm, he means it. Shifts on the farm can start as early as 2:30 a.m. and end as late as midnight. The cows on the farm must be fed at least three times a day and milking is also done in three different shifts during the day. Scraping pens and delivering calves is a full-time job in itself, but Fox manages to do the rest too (with some help of course). Fox showed his love for the animals on the farm through the tender care he gave each and every one he came into contact with.
Driving through the state next to the one in which we live, we did some meandering. We stopped for fireworks and snacks, we stopped so the teenagers could take pictures in a field, we stopped at a flea market. Turning into the parking lot of the flea market, we passed a field full of groundhogs, who were remarkably undisturbed when MC got out of the car to photograph them. At the flea market itself, we had the chance to hold puppies and browse.
Do you sneak in a nap during the day? Well according to this article in the Gulf Today a short snooze not going beyond 10 minutes increases productivity, improves intelligence and maintains emotional stability. The article goes on to suggest that a mid-day nap is not only accepted in many cultures but some go as far as to set up a special room to allow workers to have a siesta. Mmm I wonder if you would have trouble getting people to buy into that change.
This exercise now of determining whether or not Corona has this mind blowing dollar amount in his name is a matter of high concern for the Filipino people as they want to have full trust and confidence in the justice, probity, integrity, and impartiality, of the members of the Supreme Court.
I realized that would be the last memory you would have of us for a very long time. Somehow, even then, I managed to smile for you.
"Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!" or words to that effect.
3. What materials and tools do you use?
waiting for your command
This is one of my latest makes. Its a size 6uk or 4us. Wow, I hear you say. Well curves comes in all sizes and this dress would also look great on a curvier lady.
Las Vegas Harley-Davidson Product Update
The warm weather around here is certainly making it seem closer, but with promise like this, it’s no wonder I dream of spring.
Bake about 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Cost for Microphone and all parts: $ 476.70
In another one of its movie-marketing mashes, HSN is teaming up with Universal Pictures for a gigantor promotion tied to the movie “Snow White and the Huntsman.”
This is hardly unique in the writing world. Who'd want to spend all day with horrible people? (For the life of me, I still don't understand the appeal of The Slap, but I digress.) Spending all morning with fabulous people is why some of my projects kick on while others languish in the bottom drawer of my mind.
...Then, completely calm and unfazed, he took my arm and gracefully led me down the aisle. It made me think of all the times my dad has helped me and been my hero during my childhood and adult life, and it made me tear up (again).
The story is in two parts, and you'll want to pay close attention to the pivotal role of pork belly in the narrative.
But lately we are so tired! We moved house at Christmas and since then we just have not stopped and life can sometimes feel like its moving a million miles an hour. When we do find time to sit down together it's usually in an exhausted stupor! At some point we wish to return to 'normal scheduled programming' but what with an uncomfortable pelvis, limited movement and a never ending virus the Husband has decided to bring date night to the house tonight. I'm intrigued to how we'll handle this with a two year old in the mix waiting to wake up at any second during our evening but nonetheless I'm secretly quite pleased with the effort to get some normality back to our lives and the thoughtfulness seeing as I can't move very far!
Over 13 million American kids will be bullied this year, making it the most common form of violence experienced by young people in the nation. The new documentary film BULLY, directed by Sundance and Emmy-award winning filmmaker Lee Hirsch, brings human scale to this startling statistic, offering an intimate, unflinching look at how bullying has touched five kids and their families.
The jury’s decisions are final and can not be appealed.
Read this on Sheep Thrills Yarn's blog and loved it...thought I would share it with you here as it's a good way to start the new year...
I shook off my quasi-hangover and/or stubbornly ignored the cold that has been threatening me for days and spent yesterday out in the beautiful weather.
Don't get me wrong - I think there are things wrong with the school system, as it stand. There are many things I would change, if I was given a blank check. That is one of the reasons I enjoy reading your blog, Jess. But, I also recognize that the school system works for a percentage (if not a majority) of the students that pass through.
I only use my powers for good, so I tend to wear gloves at times others would not. As I type to you, I am wearing the most supple of lambskin gloves. Mmmmmmm, lambskin tastes good!
Which makes loving the show that much more difficult. I initially tried watching the show with Gia, but she got turned off after the very first episode. Because these people and their jobs are awful. I get that. Yet somehow I had to keep watching. I try to tell myself that it's because of the acting chops of Cheadle and Bell, but I wonder if there is some latent jealousy going on here. The travel, the money, the blatant disregard for the average man/woman on the street.
voice had an echo like she had moved into the bathroom or stairwell. “Why do
Gregory: the GOP are getting lots of things done!
They say "Let your voice be heard! Your perspective matters!" You can always spot bad copy a) by the irrelevant application of exclamation marks and b) by poor use of language. The copy begins, "As a strategic member of the workforce, we invite you to participate in our annual Salary and Job Market study."
Grace conjures up $30
5) Massive Riots
Saturday morning Jamie and I had planned for our long run. She had 8 miles on her plan and I had 10miles. The weather forecast was not good. Weather wouldn't keep me from running, just from GETTING to our meeting place. I got up Saturday morning and the news said the roads were just slushy, but cars were traveling fine. (We had gotten some ice and snow during the night). I was ready for my first long run of this training cycle. And more importantly, I had new running clothes to wear! During the week, I had received a new sports bra from Amanda for being the first to reply to her tweet. Definitely in the right place at the right time that morning! Thank you, Amanda, it was honestly the most comfortable one I've ever worn! It's from McDavid and I would definitely recommend it. Also, I had ordered a new running jacket, you know, just in case we have more than one day of winter in a row. It arrived on Friday and I was super excited to try it out on Saturday. Since I love everything that I wear from Brooks, I figured I would love this too. (I did, by the way).
Just a quick blurb to tell you that my photos are now edited and I'll be getting them up on here and on Facebook very soon! I can't wait to share some of my favorite shots with you guys. :)
To this day, I'm sad that my dad and Sherman never got to meet.
man — the inner, new born, cannot be smitten; nor is it to die: it is wholly
Simple... but true. If we don't get rid of the things that are crowding our counters and entryways, then we won't be able to even see our fun new decorating efforts. All of our work will be in vain. Having too much stuff can get in the way of seeing the beauty in our homes.
When my wife first arrived in Scotland – Carrie is an American for those who don’t know her – one of the things that took her aback a bit was the aggressiveness of the language and not just the tone, the actual words we use to talk to each other. We know when we’re being serious even if the words are exactly the same. So non-Scots readers when they open up this collection might think that Alan comes from the most dysfunctional of families. He does, but all Scottish families are dysfunctional – that’s how we function. For me Andrew hits the nail on the head in the title story. Now a grown man and living in Greece, Alan’s returned home for his father’s funeral at which he gives the eulogy. Later he finds himself in the pub with his mate Cliff:
"He was born Desmond Adolphus Dacres in St. Andrew, Jamaica and grew up in Kingston, where he attended the Alpha Boys' School. After his mother took ill and died, his father moved him to St. Mary, and then to St. Thomas, where he apprenticed as a tailor before returning to Kingston and taking a job as a welder, singing around his workplace while his co-workers encouraged him. In 1961 he auditioned for Coxsone Dodd (Studio One) and Duke Reid (Treasure Isle). Neither was impressed by his talents, and the young man moved on to Leslie Kong's Beverley's record label, where he auditioned before Derrick Morgan, then the label's biggest star.
A picture he posted today.
I worked with a doctor named Nitesh. A medical student in Florida who will soon be starting his residency in Alabama, Dr. Nitesh is a nice guy who generously made a point of giving cookies to the Peruvian kids who came to see us. Despite this kindness, he did not seem to mind that the English-Spanish language barrier meant I was the one who had to express sympathy and support to the patients who were having the most difficulty in their lives. If we had been in Lethal Weapon, Nitesh definitely would have been the hard-nosed Danny Glover character.
If you would like to take the Photoshop CS5 Beta Test or the Adobe Illustrator CS5.5 Beta Test, please let me know and I’ll show you how to go about doing that.
You will move rocks back and forth.
Mal’haran felt a chill race up his spine and he recognized an otherworldly magic at work. The darkness surrounding Mal’haran changed into the land that he had claimed over a painful, grueling hundred years. The last time he was sealed away brought about so many changes and made it much more difficult to assert his power over the world. “Do you like what you see, Algaisia?” asked the Voice. He was compelled to answer truthfully and shook his head almost humbly. That just made his blood boil even more.
Our policy has always been that entry to shows is first come first served. Reviewers queue with the rest and there is no special treatment. There are no tickets and there never will be. In situations of particularly high demand we have issued tokens to the queue, thus allowing it to wait in more comfort and not stand for an hour; this is still first come first served.
It takes almost 2 hours to get to SM North from Manila given the traffic along Espana and Quezon Avenue, and it’s difficult to catch an FX from Taft avenue since most are biyaheng Fairview even before the Roosevelt station opened. Now, they are even fewer in number.
This is going to ruffle a lot of feathers, but the truth needs to be heard.
If, therefore, God desires every knee to bow to Jesus and every tongue to confess Him, so should we. We should be ‘jealous’ (as Scripture sometimes puts it) for the honor of His name—troubled when it remains unknown, hurt when it is ignored, indignant when it is blasphemed, and all the time anxious and determined that it shall be given the honor and glory which are due to it. The highest of all missionary motives is neither obedience to the Great Commission (important as that is), nor love for sinners who are alienated and perishing (strong as that incentive is, especially when we contemplate the wrath of God, verse 18), but rather zeal—burning and passionate zeal—for the glory of Jesus Christ.
- I say: Who is the father of Dr Eleanor’s baby? Oh she doesn’t know.
Finally, here's the sketch.
Nina Moffet
Champagne, Crown Roast, vegetables and Queen of Puddings. That made it worth it.
I consider to be a whole new breed of Americana. No easy feat.
and what I chose, actually, was the life of a chair!!
Duh and sorry.
Bike race days don’t bother those of us who live out here (at least, most of us), but the pre-race training gets a little crazy. Packs of cyclists vying with trash trucks, Eyre buses, school buses and commuters using these roads as a way to avoid Rte. 32 can be a little daunting.
The rest of the time was mostly taken up with in house stuff. One of the fighters had lost his father over the weekend so the show generously allowed him the privacy of having a camera shoved in his face, presumably so he could cry in peace – with us watching. Tough it up man, this is the ultimate fighter. They did allow him to go to the funeral and come back again and continue. They know how to look after their fighters in the UFC.
1 Tbs sugar (I used splenda)
3- *all-star tag-team challenge champions*
If you received one, sorry about that!
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 12:54 PM
“All I was trying to do was tell her she was coming in through the out door,” Terry Rakowski told Florida Today. “She was just ramming (her cart) into the door.”
Of course, since the weather has warmed up a bit, we love to move our entertaining outdoors. We have a pretty extensive yard and gardens so I thought to put his little girl to work.
Today, my good friend Christine would be turning 56. She lost her battle with ovarian cancer over 2 years ago. She is missed every day but today it hurts a little more. I hope she knows how much I miss her.
I’ve also signed up for the Hook, Line, and Sinker blogfest, which looks like a lot of fun. If I don’t post an entry for that on February 13th, remind me, okay? I have this horrible habit of forgetting blogfests that I’ve committed too. Hopefully, I’ll have the first 1000 words or so of ‘The Scroll’ ready to tease by then.
I say it’s in my grace
3) The X-degenerate region is the remnants of a decaying X chromosome. It contains single-copy genes that are expressed throughout the body (as expected from X chromosome genes). The region also contains SRY.
Personally, I think that’s a terrible response. A lot of public figures have others to tweet on their behalf, but they don’t come right out and say it. However, I don’t think there really is a good response to that. The best way to deal with a situation like this would be to prevent it.
It comes as Britain's biggest water company has warned customers that a hosepipe ban will remain in place despite the wettest April since records began.
Sumer is i-cumin in,
With an hour of video uploaded to YouTube every second, we’ve got a lot of sneak peeks to get ready on YouTube, and not every video will have this feature available at launch. Let us know what you think as you start seeing these features around the site.
The photographic images that have been deployed on web in my essay on “The Tamil Tigers and Their Practices of Homage” (httt://thuppahiwordpress.com) as well as a host of less accessible academic articles convey the importance placed on the commemoration of the fallen by Pirapāharan and the Tiger leadership. The institutionalisation of mortuary rites of burial for their fallen from circa 1989 – in a radical move away from the cremation for those of Saivite faith[i] – was a way of sustaining meaningful bonding between Tiger personnel and those who had sacrificed their lives for the cause of Eelam.[ii]
I invite you to visit Paul Corrie’s website at:
- Adi Granth, ki Var Mahala I
1. Robin van Persie (Arsenal)
The border is machine-sewed; I just eye-balled it. The yellow lace is from a $1 spool I grabbed in line at Jo-Ann's last weekend!
POLITICS: The CIA fucking sucks.
Daylight saving time, a source of confusion and mystery for many, will strike again this weekend. The idea of resetting clocks forward an hour in the spring and back an hour in the fall was first suggested by Benjamin Franklin in his essay "An Economical Project for Diminishing the Cost of Light," which was published in the Journal de Paris in April 1784.
So where does Rayna Payne fit into this perfect union Isis has created in her mind? In Isis' opinion, she doesn't but Nigel is quite smitten with this Southern Belle. In fact, he thinks Rayna just might be the one for him.
One day, I hope to add this bag to my ever growing collection but for now all I can do is drool about it online. Hey, a girl is allowed to drool in the privacy of her own bedroom right?
take them outside and spray paint them white. I used valspar white in satin if you have read this blog for anytime I love spray paint, my favorite brand is valspar from lowes but i am not loving the new nozzle. Anyways spray them all down and let them dry for a few hours (or like1 if you are me and the paint smears just a little)
I am well known for being a bit of a cow when commuting. Asking yoofs to turn their MP3’s down, proffering tissues to sniffers that sound like wart hogs running the marathon, glaring at people who shout into their phones; probably because they don’t believe that the electronic gadget actually conveys the sound and therefore they must shout so the other person can hear them 50 miles away. People with feet on seats, tsk, tsk tsk.
Start with the 21 inch mesh. Scrunch it and use the wire to attach it to the wreath preferably starting at the bottom. Make a puff and attach it with the next wire.
Not only can you not marry just anyone, you can’t marry everyone either, though some of us have tried harder than others. Believe me, I have been incredibly open-hearted in my choices of life-mates. It’s time to get smarter. So, while it may seem cruel, if one is selecting a mate, it’s entirely understandable, even necessary to be very selective.
Miss Snark's blog was written by a literary agent. It was a beacon of truth and light in a swirl of confusion and lots of we writers flocked their like alcoholic moths to neon beer sign. We were thirsty for the plain spoken knowledge she dispensed. Sadly Miss Snark hung up her blogging stilettos back in '07 but the archives remain a treasure trove of information. I wish the great Snarky One would return and offer her take on the state of publishing, e-books, indies, and self-publishing, but I'm sure she's off with Killer Yapp and George Clooney soaking up sun and avoiding general nitwittery.
Now that was true. He had ordered a three-course meal from Avanti Ristorante delivered to his office, complete with antipasto, crab-stuffed chicken over angel hair pasta, crusty bread and olive oil, and tiramisu for dessert, all served with the house champagne. Phoebe had gotten tipsy, and then a little bit whiny.
4.THE BOOMTOWN RATS - Like Clockwork
Traditions are tough to change, but if more energy is directed towards this change the demand for shark fin soup can decrease in the long run.
~ When I make them for myself, I violate almost every rule regarding the proper construction of a Martini.
-Gil was born in Princeton, IN, and starred in track, baseball, football, and basketball at Petersburg High School. He attended St. Joseph's College in Indiana before signing with the Dodgers in 1943.
Bake for 10 minutes until tops are golden brown. Use a butter knife to remove
This particular track, Unborn Child, is another in the long line of nasty, anti-abortion rhetoric which spewed out of the States. One rather pleasing side effect of this release was that is caused pro-choice advocates to boycott the album and the duo's concerts. Take a look at some of the lyrics; they’re just vile:
Taste to see what it's like, and then add half a banana to give it more sweetness. Blend for final 2m.
While I do get mascara and plenty of other beauty products at Wal-Mart, sometimes it's fun to get the more expensive stuff. But it's not always fun to fork out the money. Am I right?
Whatever one's views on Scottish Independence, it is something that could happen within the next few years. Even if Welsh Labour and Welsh Liberal Democrats were willing to bet the national debt on Scotland remaining within the Union, common sense says that Wales should prepare for the effect that Scottish independence would have on Wales if it comes to pass. Not doing so is true fantasy politics.
First of all, let’s get real about the stuff in the bathroom closet. NOBODY has a closet filled with rows of fresh white towels rolled perfectly. That’s called closet porn and it will make you go blind.
Jake England, 19 (l.), and Alvin Watts, 32, were arrested early Sunday following an intense, two-day police investigation.
Erica Smolders – Absolutely! There’s been efforts to push the envelope around the city but it’s sometimes been met with hesitation. Luckily, being a new business, we’ve built an incredibly supportive clientele who are always checking in to see what’s new and that really keeps us on our toes. Hopefully within the next 10 years more and more people will choose flowers to compliment the style of their surroundings and maybe those fluffy, tacky, novelty arrangements will finally retire!
What makes All These Things I've Done stand apart from other dystopian or crime family novels is the focus on friends and family. Anya has a fantastic support system. She is, if not in name then in fact, the head of her family, and she does a stellar job of taking care of them and keeping them together. She shoulders much more of a burden than should be hers, but she did it in a realistic way. Sometimes in stories like these, the character is too adult or too childlike, but she's the perfect mix of adult responsibility mixed with teenage passion.
I know you guys are enjoying hearing about what foods I'm eating.
Grandbaby was enchanted. He must have thought it strange to have seen so many brightly coloured
When it was first released, it was reportedly criticized as being too complex and over the top. I don't see either complaint as applying to what we have here.
The guy behind the counter at the gluten-free bakery tells me he never heard of Xylitol. Too bad, I say, it’s a sugar substitute that is actually good for a person and it tastes just like sugar. I spell it for him – X Y L I T O L but he could care less as he continues to ice cupcakes with a glazed look in his eyes.
If you want to read someone else’s mail, and it is protected by RSA, one method is to factor their key. Fortunately, factoring large numbers is believed to be very hard — much harder than multiplying them. So, what is the vulnerability?
The oil is removed by a combination of high temperature mechanical pressing and solvent extraction. Traces of the solvent (usually hexane) remain in the oil, even after considerable refining.Like all modern vegetable oils, canola oil goes through the process of caustic refining, bleaching and degumming - all of which involve high temperatures or chemicals of questionable safety. And because canola oil is high in omega-3 fatty acids, which easily become rancid and foul-smelling when subjected to oxygen and high temperatures, it must be deodorised. The standard deodorisation process removes a large portion of the omega-3 fatty acids by turning them into trans fatty acids.
The first Spring Break camp was a big kids camp where they made Irish Brown Scones, Minty Ice Cream Pie, Chocolate Mashed Potato Cake and Irish Butter Cookies. The second was for the younger kids and they rolled out and decorated sugar cookies, made Leprechaun bark, Rainbow skewers and Shamrock biscuits.
This sleep pattern, commonly referred to as segmented, divided, or bi-modal sleep, would predominate until the turn of the twentieth century. By the 1920′s all references to first and second sleep disappeared as it became culturally acceptable for people to express their secret desires under the dim lights of a speakeasy and all that jazz.
2. Don't make the mistake of thinking white shirts are only good for office wear. I would never wear a shirt during the daytime: it's too formal. Instead, my favourite way of wearing a white shirt is to team it with a sequinned mini skirt or fuller A line skirt and killer heels for a super-sexy evening look.
My son will be making his First Communion this Saturday for the second time. Say What? You read that right. My son made his first communion back in the Fall of 2009. He went with his father and older sister to a work day at the Monastery with Father Kirby. While there they attended a mass. Father Kirby happened to accidently give Pumpkin communion. As soon as mass was over Father Kirby realized what had happened and sat down to talk to the boy. It was determined that the sacrament was valid, even though Pumpkin was only 5 1/2 years old. Yup, at 5 1/2 her had a complete understanding of the sacrament. In fact this occasion became a matter of discussion and a teaching moment for Deacon G and his classmates while they were in formation.
Besides that my plants are finally starting to
If you want to take a chance to win this digital collage sheet with PRETTY PINK embellishments you just need to leave your name with the choice whether you prefer a PNG or JPEG. This surprise (personal use only !)will close after 1 week. SUCCES !!!
Recently, a friend and fellow atheist parent, Mark Andriesse, was diagnosed with Leukemia. As a core member of Florida Atheist and Secular Humanist (FLASH) Parents, Mark and his wife Angela, along with their two girls, have been a driving force behind the group's success. This is Angela's statement regarding Mark and his health:
Thanks for playing!
They also had busy schedule here in Beijing. I did not do anything together with them , since the moment I got home, my back completely failed me . I was in deep deal of pain and only managed to clean and cook.. But They had fun. They got to see what they wanted to see ( it is easier for them to navigate in Beijing, since they speak Chinese..duh)..lol. When they left, I felt sad :(
And yet an undeniable menace lurked inside the word. Being called a “fag” meant that you were weak, an easy target….in short, a girl. But the word’s true menace, I now realize, arose from its inchoate intimation of sex. Real sex. Fucking. It was more than an insult. “Jerk” was an insult. “Fag” was a cage that boys built around other boys, one that was intended to stand between the alleged fag and true manhood. A boy in the cage would never be permitted to experience the glories of fucking. Instead, he would be fucked. Like a girl. My mistake, my fatal blind spot, was that I didn’t see the cage being built. I just wanted to play the flute; I liked the way it sounded and looked. In my 6th-grade naiveté, I didn’t realize that it was a girl’s instrument and that boys of my age should not play with girly things.
Tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons
Asked Pops about Addler. Remembers it 'cause he was there. Fine player, pop says. A real terrier.
in time of all sweet things beyond
A jump serves no subordination.
I’m Brian Mackey.
Beneath it all, desire of oblivion runs:
The murdered man's Toyota Tazz, which was stolen during the robbery, was found abandoned near Fisantekraal.
The Orchot Chaim explains that we do not recite shehechiyanu on the mitzva of sefira because the shechiyanu on Shavuot covers it. The whole purpose of sefira is to count towards Shavuot. Therefore, no separate bracha is required.
Forego the baskets all together by gathering your family to plant an organic vegetable garden. You can find cute gardening pails at your local convenience store, and most nurseries sell vegetables that are already grown – just transplant them into your own garden and enjoy year-round.
And now, the boys have it too!!! My 2 y/o is miserably uncomfortable and has to appetite, with a slight fever!! Argh!!!
The Enneagram describes nine distinct personality types...nine different perspectives on life...nine ways of being in the world. The Reformer, The Helper, The Achiever, The Individualist, The Investigator, The Loyalist, The Enthusiast, The Challenger and The Peacemaker. I'm a "seven", aka The Enthusiast. I would highly recommend the book, The Wisdom of the Enneagram by Don Richard Riso and Russ Hudson to anyone interested in the Enneagram at all. This was a hot topic on my Christine Kane retreat last year....and I learned a TON about myself as a result.
And then we ventured into the audio/music area for the longest ever this weekend. We banged and played and watched and listened. We made music. We made noise. We saw sound. And we learned about sound and the history of audio recording. While they still don't really care about the Les Paul guitars (Who is Robert Plant? Why is a signed guitar behind glass?), there is a lot of cool stuff in there. Keyboards, guitars, drum machines, funky interactive music consoles, sound wave generators. Not to mention a recording studio.
So I hope you can find some way to be thankful,
The first day of taping arrived, and we were picked up from our hotel in a limo, and taken to the television studio, where we were put in a little sitting room. My parents and my brother went through makeup, and my siblings and I were escorted out to the audience to watch the show. They paraded several families in front of the talk show host, each with an out of control teenager, who would come on stage fully pumped and ready to argue. The producers sat backstage with the kids before they went on, and told them to be angry, and to tell their parents how they really felt, and to really let it all go.
The NESARA law requires that at least once a year, an effort be made to announce the law to the public. Three current US Supreme Court judges control the committee in charge of NESARA’s announcement. These Judges have used their overall authority to secretly sabotage NESARA’s announcement.
“I wish I knew what happened! Judging by the reviews they garnered on both sides of the Atlantic both Demon and Shadow should have done very well, but in fact sales of both have been patchy at best. But in reality nobody knows what makes one book succeed commercially and another fail. I suspect that if there is any one explanation it is perhaps that the setting of my stories is too strange for many readers, and that what I thought of as one of their strengths - the absence of any modern Western perspective - was actually seen by many potential readers as a turn-off. “
Such are Rites of Passage in Life… anytime a Person experiences a REAL Rite of Passage, he or she will never be the same again and never be able to go back no matter how much they desire it…
So all that brings us to this silly understanding that my super expensive glasses are nothing more than a really nice tool to protect my eyes from the sun and to help me see better. The same thing is true of us. God bought us at a steep price and what good are we left a home in a protective case away from the dangers of the world.
Comment: I hope it will be good for them.
On the topic of minimizing iffy news about the media’s Messiah; did you know Malia and what’shername—Obama’s other precious progeny—will be attending a private school at the cost of 30 grand a pop, per year. “Mayor Adrian M. Fenty of Washington strongly lobbied the Obamas to consider a public school, but that was apparently never an option,” reports the NYT. A man of the people is our Prince. What’s good for average Joe’s goose is clearly no good for Obama’s gander.
Thanks for not being work.
Adios
This is what I believe will classify me as a grown-up...
and, after making us in your own image and likeness,
Although the title might suggest the notion; this is not a discussion of feminism in Mad Men’s very male dominated industry. The inspiration is, in part, taken from the photograph above: a provocative portrayal of beautiful women and men perfectly accessorized and stylishly coiffed. The division of these individuals into feminine and masculine, light and dark, personal and professional, implies not only different natures and different worlds but a separate mystique.
I forgave him, and it changed everything.
It’s a predictable cycle where each generation that comes down the pike thinks they’re the shit until they get jobs and families and stop making that noise. Some of them anyway. Something tells me people who went to these shows think Fuck Shit Piss was chump change years later and then the Boba Fett Youth/Leap Frog Society years, if they know about that shit at all, were an absolute joke in comparison.
Speaking to one bar owner in Bethlehem in the West Bank about his views on the future of Palestine, the demoralising effects of the Israeli occupation really hit, “Some people call this place a prison”, he said, “But I call it a zoo. People come and watch us suffer and leave again like caged animals. There is no hope for Palestine, there is no money here. Everyone with money is emigrating and soon we will have nothing left.”
The Soviets scorned the sentimental, bourgeois practice of encouraging doctors to shelter alcoholics and their families until they were fit to return to serfdom. Instead they handed over the drunk tanks to the the police and let them:
8 oz sliced mushrooms
As the days go by, the long road which I’ve paused upon
*squints at the date*
I apologize it's taken me a few days to finish this series. I took a break from blogging this weekend to start packing (eek!), finish reading a great book, stroll around the Farmer's Market, cook some great meals, wash and put away 9 loads of laundry and spend time with J and friends. Anyway, here is the end of our anniversary trip (read part one and part two here) and a DIY project I completed with some mementos from our trip!
Will I wear it?
There’s nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein. ~Walter Wellesley “Red” Smith
Usually the friends I’m closest to are the same friends I can travel with. If I enjoy traveling with you, if you don’t complain when the trip takes an unexpected turn and if you travel prepared and believe in leaving when we say we will and not making too many stops, we will get along famously. Also, if you understand every waking moment does not have to be filled with discussion or noise, especially in the morning or when I’m hungry or tired, we gonna be cool.
We’ll talk soon.
What kind of morning person are you?
These nights
So, my aversion to all of Johnson County is no secret right? I may have made passing mention of it once or twice? Yeah, that's what I thought.
I am dustin off this dusty ol blog... June 5th??? REALLY??? Oh My how time flies... it's been THAT long since my last post...
. . . walking through some thought forest,
We decided to give Pumba to the owners of our neighboring farm as they had previously raised warthogs. It was so sad for us when we dropped her off at their house. Ruth and I balled our eyes out crying and Pumba even tried to follow us when we said goodbye, but the electric fence kept her in. Pumba had made our lives so much fun, but we had to do what was best for her.
Mother:
Orphaned as a child, Jane Eyre is sent by her cruel Aunt Reed to the bleak Lowood School. On securing a position as governess at Thornfield Hall, Jane meets its enigmatic master Edward Rochester. Jane soon finds herself falling for Rochester, unaware that he harbours a terrible secret.
Soon... soon.
Sexual promiscuity is another dubious tale of poverty. Whatever may have been the case in Harrington’s heyday, promiscuity is not exactly confined, these days, to the poor (e.g., Dixon, 2012).
Obvious chocolate smell. This is not the chocolate you get from roasting the barley a certain way, like Brooklyn's Black Chocolate Stout (which is also a very good beer). It tastes like sweeter chocolate, and has an obvious cocoa taste. It's not over the top though, like Young's Double Chocolate Stout (which is not a good beer), and strikes a good balance between the desire for a chocolate taste but still having some semblance of beer flavor to it. Young's is like drinking a chocolate cake. Brooklyn's is like drinking beer with deep, unsweetened, dark chocolate. This is more like beer with a sweeter chocolate, but still beer. No discernible hops flavor, but the bitterness comes out a bit in the aftertaste. Great, smooth feel to it, because the cocoa gives the feel of lactose, without that cold lactose taste.
don’t we call our loved ones “honey?”
Profession: Truck Driver
vibration.
Your memories of the life you pray for are so far in your distant past, and so well buried, that you can only see faint glimmerings. If we told you who you are and what you are capable of, it would seem to you to be fairy tales. Your past has been so carefully hidden that, when you begin to learn of it, many will refuse to believe it. The technologies that you already possess will beggar your imaginations, and we tell you they do not approach what will be shown you, given to you freely. There are those among you who laugh aloud when they hear of our promises regarding your health and lifespan, but we tell you there are many doctors and researchers already who are not laughing.
The PT boat cut through the waves riding the growing swells. Sea water pushed aside in folding waves like pigeon wings. All hands were outfitted in foul weather gear.
the wicked are ensnared by the work of their hands.
Anyone who responds to these God-posts will discover the One who is faithful to show His love to all who open up to His offer of a loving relationship. He will be there with you in those difficult time when no one else seems to hear your unspoken cries for help or understanding.
Am I insane for taking up running?
Hi:) My name is Gus and I am a Fitness Coach who likes to run marathons & compete in triathlons for fun. Actually, one of my first 2012 goal is to participate in a triathlon. My passion is to motivate my friends to exercise more so that they can live life to the fullest. The purpose of this blog is five-fold:- 1) I find writing very therapeutic & beats paying for a psychiatrist to keep sane 2) I like to share & inspire others into engaging in any healthy pursuits 3) This is a great way to keep track of my progress in all my sporting endeavours 4) This also keeps me honest & spurs me on to do more 5) Even if you are a couch potatoe, I hope you will find my entries entertaining or informative.
We need to stop the multiple measured madness.
Here we have the lovely squid tentacles on the chopping board and the squid tubes in the bowl. The tentacles will be chopped up and we will use half with the chorizo sausage as filling for the squid tubes, and the rest will be used separately just loose in the stew.
Cool and strain the grass through a cheese cloth or a fine sieve or...both. The liquid obtained will be used as the base to make grass jelly.
No, for me it is clear. The church is not called to prune, that is God’s job. Faggots of fruitless followers are God’s business not mine.
After that I felt perfectly fine.
They call him Lord Lyon, proud, determined–and cursed. He is in need of a bride, but if he falls in love, he dies. His fervent hope is that by marrying–and having a son–without love, perhaps he can break the curse’s chains forever.
Or a word about the puppies. Since I'm required by blogger edict or common law or a mandate from my readers sorta thing.
It pains me to write the rest of this post. Why? Because I agree with ASU.
But Beckwith didn't have superstar in him. He spent five seasons as a serviceable reliever with the Dodgers. He didn't take the No. 27 to the World Series until he wore it with the Royals in 1985.
This months Challenge is "Anything Goes"
I think I will be moving onto dance after yoga, I signed up for tango classes through the university and am really excited for that to start. It will be a little hectic for the first week, as it will be the last Sunday of the challenge, but i will figure something out.
8 ounces finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate
Shamen Ebeneezer good UK
And to that he finally responded: “If you go to hell, I will miss you. Namaste, Ram Dass.” I laughed — a lot — and I was simultaneously crestfallen. Because now I knew he was choosing not to endorse my book, it wasn’t simply that my requests had gotten overlooked in a pile of mail. So perhaps my “rot in hell” routine was what he was referring to when he said I used to talk “off the wall.” Though undoubtedly I had teetered on the wall many times before that.
things to bring to the pool:
Rnd 13) ch1, sc in each st around, do NOT join, ch7,turn
Does anybody have taken TOEIC test before??
As it turned out, the owner of the ship, who insisted on making the trip, suffered the most loss. The ship with all its cargo was a total loss according to verse 41. Through it all, no lives were lost however. Isn’t it ironic that the world, thinking it has all the answers, is headed for destruction?
How do you incorporate the kind of speech your characters use without becoming incomprehensible to your readers?
Crowe went on to be a successful screenwriter and Director, having done films such as “Say Anything“, “Jerry Maguire“, “Vanilla Sky“, “Almost Famous” and others.
My Perfectly Paisley quilt top is ready to be quilted. But, yes there is a but, I don't like the size. I don't feel it is long enough for a lap quilt. I am thinking about adding some fabric to the top and bottom. What do you think?
They often looked for food along the road since the forest is like "All you can eat Buffet" for them.
Mint is hot hot hot at the moment …..well except that as colors go its decidely cool in tone. How to use such a color in your home? Sparingly seems to be the answer, as an accent or a hint.
I had never heard of Neom, but judging by their ‘luxurious’ products I certainly had high expectations. It had a strong scent of Lavender, Jasmine and Rosewood and looked very similar to the Molton Brown scrub. It was fabulous at tackling those stubborn areas but it was seriously slick. I would advise using it in the shower, and although far too oily for me, with a lot of residue remaining on my skin after use, I expect it would be heaven for those of us who suffer from extremely dry skin.
2) I come from a very blended family. I have 5 full-blood siblings, 1 half sibling, 2 step siblings, 1 adopted sibling, and 1 deceased baby sibling.
Fate may have been even less kind to the monument than the birthday. At least the latter reflected the ideological struggle over the ideas at the heart of the man and his legacy. The problems surrounding the monument are the result of pure dumb luck, or, as the case may be, just a whole lot of dumb.
But We cannot unduly expand the presumption in Ankron and De Aldecoa to an argument that all lands of the public domain had been automatically reclassified as disposable and alienable agricultural lands. By no stretch of imagination did the presumption convert all lands of the public domain into agricultural lands.
Always think : I can do this !
The thing is, this short moment of freedom was quickly replaced with fear. Here is how THAT happened. We began figuring out where to put the money that we had been putting towards his truck. Well, we need to start saving for his fall tuition, and for taxes for 2012, oh and I really need to start a freaking food storage since I am afraid that people are going to go crazy next year and food will be bare on the grocery shelves, and then we'll need a gun if the end of the world really is coming and we get attacked by zombies, and oh my gosh, how on earth did we ever think we could ever take another vacation, and we still need to pay off MY car, and our credit card, and ... Like I said, that freeing moment fled and it fled fast.
4. The Top 5 entries are picked the day entries close and will be posted the very next day. Once the Top 5 are posted, voting then begins for the "Peoples Choice" winner, who recieves the sponsor prize. Voting tallies can be seen up until the last 3 days and then you will not be able to see who is in the lead until the winner is posted as the next challenge begins. If you are selected for the Top 5 please email Suzie sue@tranquilpc.co.uk to recieve your blinkie badge. If you are voted the Peoples Choice winner and or selected as a GDT, please email Rina APawSpa@aol.com to recieve your prize and Suzie sue@tranquilpc.co.uk to recieve the blinkie badge.
Recovering from a large abdominal incision right above my no-no area aside, I would go so far as to say I feel great. It's a very similar recovery process to having a C-Section, no heavy lifting, no repetitive bending and I have to wear this glamorous stretchy binder with a Velcro fastener across my midsection for the next 6 weeks. The binder is kind of like wearing noisy Spanx, but also kind of like wearing a bulky mini-skirt made from diapers, and the best part is that MDH gets to help me put it on after I bathe. What a treat for him, I'm sure.
History, however, presents the naked facts. And the naked facts are often extremely unpleasant. Don't get me wrong, I don't have a problem with telling children about the nasty things which have been done in the world: but I do have a problem with nastiness which is presented as entertainment.
13. Celebration For A Grey Day
Andrew Kohut, president of the Pew Research Center, said that more than two decades of polling shows that a solid, if fluctuating, majority of Americans believe government has a responsibility to care for the poor.
The film is in German with English subtitles but please don’t let that put you off, it’s a cracker. I’ve included the German poster as it better reflects the film, the UK DVD cover would make you think that this is all about airplane battles, which isn’t the case at all.
It is Monday another start to what should be a great week! Although I AM exhausted! After receiving a text a couple weeks ago from one of my favorite cousins ever saying,
Of course I have not cleared it with Queen Abby yet......my rat terrier who basically dictates the goings on around here. She does not think she is a dog. She hates squirrels. She thinks cats are just squirrels without fuzzy tails. She does not like other dogs......so it could be interesting.
And time moves on.
This is it. We’ve come from DC to LA. Our final day together was fun and while in the past I’ve essentially given a laundry list of the things we did I don’t feel like that’s appropriate for the final post. The three of us came a long way and the few things we did around the city pale in comparison to what we experienced on the road. In a sense our arrival was an anticlimax. We arrived in LA with no agenda, no destination, no idea what to do. I was left wanting more.
In terms of assimilation, print and TV will both have to work on converging their online entities with their existing entities, ending the era of web operating as a separate unit. Newsrooms will have to be restructured to account for this change, and this will necessitate training staff to use and understand the value of online and weeding out those that do not and cannot change.
“Tha’ was a great talk ye di’, lass,” Crusader Gregory Powel said to Brulee with a thundering slap to her back. She tried not to wince.
In 2008, many who agreed that he lacked executive qualifications
Other speakers criticizing the revised manual, considered the psychiatric industry’s bible, include Brent Robbins, Ph.D., Secretary of the Society for Humanistic Psychology, which has gathered more than 8,000 signatures from mental health professionals calling for “developing an alternative approach” to the DSM.
Hello everyone! Happy Saturday! I love Saturday's, happens to be my favorite day of the week.. Fridays are my next to favorite! You know what else is my favorite?! To use ZVA bling for butterfly trails! They really are the icing on the cake! You can find them here in the Flying Unicorn store. Along with many new items loaded in the store daily! Here is the LO that I did using the awesome ZVA bling! I also used Creative Imaginations IOD for this LO. Which is also sold in the store.
So here is my card.....
I also question the thing that they mainly value Galaxy for their mass market appeal on their hotel room bank in Cotai, and not calling Galaxy a VIP play in line with Melco or Wynn. Excuse me, but did you guys forget about Star World and the busloads of tycoons that inhabit it? (Smell the smoke of expensive cigars!) Or the VIP-centric areas of the Galaxy Casino and the fact that their hotels are shock-full although their premium hotel rooms are not selling at steep discounts a la Venetian or non-Crown Plaza hotels in City of Dreams? Their cheap rooms, fine, but look at where it costs you to get a top suite! DB’s analysis is a bit too good to overlook something like this, so it makes me wonder, that’s for sure. Earnings tomorrow are interesting, but I shouldn’t need to tell you that.
My camera broke.
That’s not why I’m writing this, though. Earlier today, I heard thunder. The storm wasn’t close enough to see the lightning or its flash. That doesn’t matter. Lightning can strike up to ten miles away from the edge of the storm. Which means, it can be sunny where you are with a storm on the horizon, and lightning can get you. If you can hear thunder or see lightning, the storm is close enough to kill or injure.
Is it alright to randomly take someone’s picture in a park? How about at a restaurant? Walking down the street? I’d love to know how other people feel and their thoughts on this, so please let me know!
Después de que Miller se uniera a la Fuerza Aérea a finales de 1942, Bobby trabajó como músico de plantilla de la NBC (1942-1943) y participó en la organización de los Town Hall Concerts de Eddie Condon, pudiéndosele escuchar en los volúmenes 1-5, 7 y 8 de los 10 grabados. Tras un año en la NBC, reemplaza a Red Nichols en la Casa Loma Orquesta de Glen Gray, donde permaneció hasta 1946. En Mayo de 1947 toca con Louis Armstrong en el NYC Town Hall Concert, además de actuar como director musical. Entre 1949 y 1951 toca frecuentemente con Red Allen y Wiley Lee. En la primera mitad de los 50 realiza una serie de grabaciones producidas por Jackie Gleason ('Music for Lovers Only'), con un total de seis álbumes. Son el más claro exponente del Easy Listening y en los créditos de los discos, el único músico al que Gleason le reconoce su labor es a Bobby Hackett. En 1952, participa con su banda en una de las emisiones musicales de la WMGM ('Dr. Jazz') que posteriormente lanzaría como disco el sello Storyville. En esa época actúan dos noches por semana en el Lou Terrasi's, mientras el resto de noches son el respaldo de Billy Butterfield o Pee Wee Erwin. Con Eddie Condon y Lee Wiley, abren el primer Festival de Jazz de Newport, en julio de 1954.
Doughty has indicated that he is prepared to keep funding going but the way the club has approached replacing their manager implies that he will be looking for immediate savings. Whilst this is entirely understandable at a personal level it could potentially put Forest’s short to medium term future at grave risk.
I cannot give enough praise, and recommend Easy Canvas Prints highly enough. This is a quality company providing a quality product through quality service. You absolutely have to visit their website and view more samples in the gallery, and read other testamonials. What a fabulous gift one of these custom canvas' would make for any special ocassion.
AG: There are people who are now coming out and recognizing the same thing, that this view is the correct way to go to explain quantum physics and also to develop science in the future. In other words, the present science has shown not only quantum paradoxes but also has shown real incompetence in explaining paradoxical and anomalous phenomena, such as parapsychology, the paranormal—even creativity. And even traditional subjects, like perception or biological evolution, have much to explain that these materialist theories don’t explain. To give you one example, in biology there is what is called the theory of punctuated equilibrium. What that means is that evolution is not only slow, as Darwin perceived, but there are also rapid epochs of evolution, which are called “punctuation marks.” But traditional biology has no explanation for this.
Edit "Hero's Choice", check. (This was after I panicked and realized I hadn't fixed it until I got an email asking if I'd, um, edited it. But I did manage it in two days! And I'm really happy with how it turned out. So yay.)
sgoldstein@dallasnews.com
Satan was quickly catching up. He met me several times, right around that "it's never going to happen" corner, right down the "I'll never get enough money for this trip" hall, in the "I don't have the kind of friends it takes to help me" room. He was there the whole time. But my Savior is bigger! Uganda was on my heart in a whole new way. Almost a refreshing spin on the trip itself. I felt that I wasn't trusting God enough to provide and that broke my heart. My heart burned every time I thought about it. What was even worse is that after I decided that Uganda just wasn't His will, I got back on Facebook. I kept noticing a pattern in my news feed. My adoption/orphan advocate friends that are also fundraising were posting their triumphs and showing how God was raising their money for them. They would ask one day and within a couple days, meet AND exceed their goal. Where did their help come from? Where were my friends that were willing to support me? I couldn't give up on Uganda. That just wasn't like me. I realized then that it would be a full blown fight for Uganda but it would be His fight. I would just be His warrior :)
No, it was a staffer from the Iraqi Embassy.
Friday...I went for my CD3(cycle day 3)(sorry any men that read this) ultrasound and blood work. They called me Friday afternoon and everything looks great and that I should start my injections. Yes, that means I am giving myself a shot every night BUT the process is SO easy and the needle is SO small so no biggie. Joe planned on going into work after my appointment but didn't. :o) Our neighborhood does a community garage sale a few times a year which means they put out an ad in the paper and a bunch of signs with a map of where each home participating is. Then, you decide if you want to do a garage sale and set-up like a normal garage sale at your home. So pretty much you get the advertising for free as you don't have to put up signs or an ad in the paper. We set-up and "opened" at 8 am and I left at 8:40 am for my appointment. I got back at 9:30 am and things were hopping! We ended up selling so much that we didn't even "open" up today(Sat.). Joe decided to just work from home which was awesome! He had a few concalls but spent lots of time with us. We got PF Changs for lunch(my fav), took a ride on the golf cart, went on a bike ride, and a few other fun things. The weather was out of this world! Low 80's, NO humidity, sunny, and a nice breeze! We were literally outside from 8 am until 1 am. I should say that it was the ADULTS that stayed up that late NOT the kiddos! We had some good friends over so it was fun to sit out back in the nice weather. So all in all a great day with my boys, friends, a bonus of extra cash, and of course the fact that we got rid of stuff!!!
This is the beginning of a series to explore photographing saguaros.
So, what are you waiting for!!!!Head on over and join in this wonderful giveaway. This is truly too good to miss!!! And tell them I sent ya!
marriage in 1730.
I've got enough time on my hands that I could take up blogging again, and I have enough to say that I really ought to.
But that's not why I called this meeting.
-Sheamus signals for the brogue…..HE HITS IT…1..2..THREE!
Agree? Disagree? If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please feel free to reply in the comments section below. Or you can e-mail me at cross_can15@hotmail.com. I’m now on twitter follow me @paintstheblack and I will gladly return the favour.
This is an easy coffee flavored, creamy pie that will really hit the spot on a warm summer day. Make sure to thaw the pie for 30-40 minutes before serving or else you will have a difficult time cutting into this mudslide pie dream.
The implication here, that you can attach pieces of musical instruments, and even old ship parts, to your city's existing infrastructure and thus generate massive waves of sound is pretty astonishing; this might be a very site-specific thing, to be sure, and something only Pratt has permission to do to its own steam tunnels, but the mind reels at the possibility that this could be repeated throughout New York. For instance, on any point of the existing steam network as documented last month by Urban Omnibus:Every winter, a typically unseen machine becomes visible in the streets of Manhattan: Con Edison’s District Steam System. Seen from the street as steam leaking from manholes, or more safely vented through orange and white stacks, leaking steam hints at an underground energy distribution system that is the largest of its kind in the United States and offers a chance for the public to become more aware of and more involved in how the city works.As Urban Omnibus adds, "the steam system is largely ignored by the public until things go wrong"—or, of course, until that system is turned into a city-scale musical instrument through a maze of well-placed reeds, valves, and resonators.
There IS such a thing as coincidence and social milieus. I'm not about to attempt to prove it, mathematically or such... but the world is small and the world is huge. In the grand scheme of things, this blog is a cliche. So be it.
We remember what Paul wrote:
A9 Venerea - Sex Is Really Fun
Comments must be submitted to the:
Missing the point.
I will cover these wholes with little furniture buttons as soon as I can get into town to get some.
Bree doesn’t have a Mike memory. Instead, she is picked up by a detective from the Fairview Police on her way to the funeral. She recalls how when she was a little girl, her mother taught her about her “mask” – her ability to maintain her composure so that men will never know how she really feels, and therefore, have power over her. This ability serves her well as she is questioned about the murder of Alejandro. Technically, she doesn’t lie. The detective asks her if she killed Mr. Suarez, not covered up the murder and disposed of the body. She leaves, but since she had a cup of coffee, now the department has her fingerprints.
Skirt step 2
put a great outfit together with pieces many of us have and don't think can make an awesome look. Well, I've learned to appreciate better those piece of clothes since when I start blogging, thanks to girls like Fashionable J. who has great ideas and a great style, Ohhh and did I mentioned how original she is? Well, she definitely has it all.
Wow What a Year!
I know, I'm a bitch. But I'm really not okay with all the touching of food that I might consider buying... That's just me. You like dirty food, then I'm okay with that, I don't judge people. Just don't make me eat it too.
And last but not least, the Japanese are obsessed with all things French! Boulangeries, patisseries, brocantes, chez this and chez that. The Japanese love the French!
Her research findings raise serous doubts regarding world-wide orthodox crime policy 'knowledge' on crime displacement and so called 'diffusion of benefits'. Read The Displacement Brief Here
I just love how this bag turned out! Thanks for looking and have a great night!
I used the fabulous sketch from MFTWSC. What I LOVE about the sketches at MFT is that they coordinate with their stamps perfectly. It makes for using their products a piece of cake.
Let me ask you, “Does your forgiveness depend on such things as forgiving others their trespasses? If it does, what has happened to the blood of Christ? What has happened to the grace of God? Without God’s grace such would be the case, but remember, according to Romans 6:14, “We are not under the law but under grace.”
Rendell narrates the novel through multiple narrators. By doing so, she presents characters through a dual lens; we see them from their own perspective and from that of other characters. We are constantly aware of the discrepancy between the personas the characters adopt and the hidden lives they actually lead.
(bigger than a softball and smaller than a basketball)
baby pigs
Anyway some rough doodles from the sides of my novel notes:
On the recommendation regarding very well-that means buddies or advisors, people often include a key phrase from the obit announcement for example, “In place of blossoms, efforts might be shipped to…” Certainly, the majority of individuals sincerely value all individual movement involving support and may later on are sorry for possessing an inadequate number of blossoms for the funeral. A far more correct term for many people may very well be, “Together with blooms…” or maybe, “Advantages loved for you to…” Make use of ideal thinking, although remember this “in place of” lingo is often meant to encourage kindly products rather than warn various other expressions. Stylish fellow feeling blooms happen to be proper together with non-profit supplying. Check out that: Funeral directors
Tactical momentary-on forward click switch
Invisible Protection
Imp, I could sense, was taking apart the teenager’s room, finding CDs and DVDs and holding them up by the window, maybe to see them in the light, as I was with my book. I hadn’t known her to rest in the three days I’d known her. I could almost believe she was one of the capes that didn’t need to sleep, but the theory would have felt a lot more tidy if I could connect it better to one of her powers.
If You are interested to take it ahead please send me your latest profile in word format furnishing the following details:
From the inception of human thought, mankind has felt a special connection with the sea. There is something about its rhythm and constancy that is both cleansing and reassuring. When we stand at the sea's edge looking into infinity, we know in our hearts that we are part of something much grander and more complex than our individual, day-to-day lives. We hear the surf rise and fall; we watch the tide deposit its gifts and then reclaim them; we see the light rise, then fall, only to rise again — and, like the light, we are born again into each new moment. Perhaps it was best said by Pablo Neruda in the poem quoted at the end of this piece: "Every day on the balcony of the sea, wings open, fire is born, and everything is blue again like morning."
R proved to me today that she listens to everything. This morning when I got her out if bed, she pointed to the top of her dresser and mumbled "brubbas".
The little butterfly in the upper right corner is from a bling pack that I got at JoAnns. Just added for some extra interest. (I just realized that I put a 'gate' on a 'gatefold' card, and made myself laugh. I'm way too easily amused!! Haha.)
The subdued, desolate ballad 'And So Is Love' features Eric
I shouldn't have driven back to Syracuse after the Benadryl though. Future reference.
We already had the two hanging bars from when we did the closet the first time. On the left in the above photo, you can see that one is too long. I noticed that there was room for another medium drawer if I were to hack off part of the pole. Which I did.
Just over a week ago Maggi and I visited Staunton Harold Craft Centre in Leicestershire. We wanted to see the work of Michelle Homes (who had her work displayed in a recent exhibition at The Beetroot Tree). She shares a workshop and gallery with another artist, Carol Saunderson...its called the Archangel Studio. Michelle's work was on the front cover of Embroidery Magazine last month - you can see it here.
Before I get to the recipe, I do want to share that I will be adding a new feature in coming days. Part of my absence was due to the new diagnosis that my son is allergic to cow's milk. Figuring this out has been a true miracle as he has been a completely different child since eliminating milk products from his diet. His digestive system has been completely turned around and the child is now willing to eat regular meals. He's three years old and for the first time is able to eat normal amounts of food, instead of picking as he always had before. The poor thing looked at me the other day and said, "I'm happy because my tummy doesn't hurt anymore." Hard to hear from your little one! I've been doing a lot of research, trying to find foods that are made without milk products, and recipes that fit within his new dietary needs. You wouldn't believe the items that have milk products in them-- it truly has been an education! One thing that I have found is that it can be very difficult to find kid-friendly, dairy-free recipes. Many of the specialty items that you can find locally are incredibly expensive and I have had to learn to make many new items from scratch to control what he does consume. I'm hoping that if I share what I do find, and have success with, then I might be able to help someone else in a similar situation. I've learned so much from the blogs and sites that I have found and would love to be able to pass some of that along. Please watch for these special dairy-free features coming soon!
It's the holidays. The air is crisp, the leaves are falling, the skies are blue and beautiful, and most people are in good spirits. So, charities are out in full force (including my employer, but that's another story, altogether) asking for money. They tug at your heart strings and play you videos and show you pictures and ask for your donation to help their cause.
Cause, now what do I always say kids? All together now...
How many abandoned ideas does the average writer have? Not finished books that never sold (we all have some of those), but ideas that never made it to the finishing line.
May 31 Thursday 10:30am-3:30pm
But if you encourage other teachers (AND your students) WHILE you're experiencing the classroom, you become a living inspiration as long as you don't break your professional ethics of confidentiality and privacy and you keep your dirty laundry in the closet where it belongs - it HELPS us other teachers who are living it.
When therefore, then, he has abundantly comforted them with the words of consolation, and with respect to those things at which they would be likely to be cast down, persuading them in turn to rejoice, He again incites them by His injunctions to diligence to a confident courage; persuading them to change their minds and rather to rejoice at those things at which they had not without reason been dismayed, and charges them to display the utmost zeal, and put into practice an overflowing measure of brotherly love, and to benefit those as yet without faith, and to hasten by the words and deeds that make for righteousness to draw those who are astray to a willingness to be united to God by faith.
Check out the great recipes from the Nutrition Together program that we are using during the challenge to get you fit and healthy.
And cold, humiliated and shivering.
May you all have a wonderful weekend with your families. I have no special plans, trying out a new muffin recipe using spelt flour and visiting my local health food store to buy some organic ingredients. We are going healthy in our house. Back to basics.
I envy the sunrise,
If you could time travel, what time would you like to visit or what event would you like witness?
Between Easter, planning a volunteer thank-you party, and prepping to break ground on new buildings, things were hopping at StoneBridge last month. Some highlights from the rush:
Replace BMW and cars with any other product or service category, and you have a succinct list of guidelines for today's world.
While Gen. Azazi did not rule out the poverty, economic constraints (economic alienation as US Ambassador Carson puts it) and the dearth of opportunities in the North as supplementary cause of the new Boko Haram, I interpreted his speech to mean that, the metamorphosis of Boko Haram has principally been driven by political interests. The old Boko Haram has evolved into a political Boko Haram.
The result: a beautiful, elegant dish that would make a beautiful Valentine's Day dinner. In fact, I think it's going to make it into my Valentine's Day Menu coming up soon. I love these Supperclub Challenges because what it shows me again and again is that being compassionate is really not a challenge at all. Next time someone says vegans can't enjoy a thick, juicy steak, prove them wrong with my Seitan Steak in Beurre Blanc Sauce with Oven-Baked French Fries.
Across every form of media.
Last year while I was looking through my Slow Cooker Cookbook. I saw a recipe for tapioca!!
So, I am on a roll this weekend falling in love with the DSP (Designer Series Paper) and here is yet another card set that I put together thanks to Cybil. This one I used all of the stamps in the Herb Expression stamp set. I have had it for months and only used one of the stamps from the set and now, I have used them all!
Dress front:
Nonetheless, social media shouldn’t be driven by making more money. It should be viewed as merely a compliment to the business strategies that have already been working. It isn’t that time consuming and is easier than ever to cross-post on multiple social networks. So why not give it a try and start reaping the benefits of digital interaction?
“No way,” said Dee.
Then he added that he was a naturist and asked would that be a problem. She went away and did some research on the Internet and declined his offer because the majority of the sites she looked at were pornographic.
Gypsy With a Song, Django Reinhardt
I've got three books in stock-- scroll down for ordering info:
Dive Bars- great for people watching
It’s kind of weird to think that this time last year I was still on my old blog and I had not yet crashed my car, or gotten to visit the Brofam in their current Midwestern home yet, or gone to the Newport Folk Festival, or met Paul, or even started the Matchmaker’s prescribed dating plan, mostly because I had only just met the Matchmaker. I had cleaned up Oscar’s mess to end all messes, but we won’t talk about that too much.
And while Turton didn’t write this fact -- other research published on Sept 9 2008, by top investigative journalist Louise Flanagan of The Star newspaper, also showed that the water treatment plants across the country were so badly run by unqualified and often nearly illiterate personnel, that the Water Research Commission has had to resort to drawing up a very basic, cartoon-like manual to teach operators with symbols instead of in writing, how to make their drinking water safer.
Of the possibility of who I might become and where that may lead me
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
If Mr Linky is missing, or not working,
I deserve to have gold in my tea!
Okay, so Steve’s idea was better, and this probably isn’t the greatest idea, but it did work for about 2 minutes, which was 2 more hand-free minutes that I wouldn’t have had before.
GINGRICH: OK. All right.
Of those picked for the contest:
Caw.
instrument backward over a track. And so that's what the cunt did. Fuckin harmonium's gonna be the laughing stock of the music world now. You should hear it! And this McCake cunt with his mate Bamber Swirlington, that here's-me-and-who's-like-me coke-fiend nincompoop editor of Assassins Of Cool Magazine, are gonna be releasing the demo this week, with an eye on releasing it as a single. This can't happen. So I sent a coffeejar bomb to Assassins Of Cool Magazine's offices. It weren't real, like. Just a big coffeejar with a little clock inside with two batteries bluetac'd on and a few wires sellotaped to the back of it. Then I wrote a letter to the controllers over at the State Sponsored Airwaves up there, told them that Pilers McCake was not a man possessed of musical integrity but possessed very much of a great and sleeket mendacity and that they should take him off the airwaves at once. I also sent the police and the controllers over the State Sponsored Airwaves photos I'd mocked up of Pilers and Bamber going at it with an Alsatian and Madeline McCann respectively.
I’m asked this a lot. And, YES, I have considered it, but in it’s current academic form, I’m not for it.
In a non-stick omelet pan, heat the oil.
For about $20 a person, anyone can visit one of the countless tube rental shops around the beginning of the river, enjoy about a two hour float down the river, and be bussed back to the original tube rental site.
Pamela Golinski. Co-chair of the LPTW’s International Committee, and a lawyer with 22 years experience in entertainment, especially theater. Featured this fall in the “Legal Elite” edition of Avenue Magazine as one of NYC’s top women lawyers. I love to help people get ahead in my industry.
For all that want to know what I put in my shake, this is it:
I was born, against all odds and to the amazement of every doctor around, in rural farmland to a couple who’d never thought children were going to happen for them.
The passionate revolutionary, John Adams, wrote legendary letters to his wife Abigail as the couple weathered many months apart as Adams fought for the independence of America night and day. And we think our long distance, or just distance, relationships are hard! At least we’ve got email, phones and the likes of skype to help us through them!!
Having that extra day is known as an "intercalation." In the 1604 edition of the Book of Common Prayer was written: On every fourth year, the Sunday Letter leapeth." Hence, Leap Year. Nothing to do with Leaping the Broomstick or anything like that.
by the way, i am making these next Halloween. they're so easy! don't let me forget.
Larger lamp for dresser
Quatro: I'm addicted to those shows where they talk about and/or investigate hauntings, but I hate most horror movies.
To get back to our theme of socialist nationalism, or nationalist socialism.
"That does smell very good. I assume this is sausage-pepperoni,” Leno joked, and added "it's not bad," after taking a few bites. "It would be better with sausage and pepperoni."
Samsung’s Galaxy S III is plastic, but powerful (photos)
The other day at quilt group the conversation turned to the current rash of reality cooking shows, where people try to put on a good meal but are eliminated week by week. Now I don't know how you all feel, but I find shows like that are nasty; they are not about the recipes and cooking, but more about "who can we get rid of this week? If we chuck off so-and-so we might lose viewers because they are on the side of the poor dear, but on the other hand we can't chuck off those two nice young blokes because they give the females in our audience something to watch and we don't want to lose our female audience" etc. As you may have gathered if you have read this far - I don't watch them. Give me a good murder/mystery story any day, I don't mind a bit of gore. To judge by the murder rate there can't be many people left alive now in some of those little English villages, can there?
I fear his shirt is an omen of what is to come. Those baby blues are going to be T-R-O-U-B-L-E. So while Sean is polishing his gun to keep Isabel’s dignity intact, I’m going to be staring down the harlots trying to corrupt my baby boy.
She knew the rules; never let the village children see her, keep within the forest, and keep her secret or end up like her dead mother.
Onto this weeks challenge: Stickers. Please keep in mind that all challenges are optional. Any Christmas/Winter/Holiday card will do. The idea is to help get your holiday mojo started so you're not rushing at the end of the year. Also, it is not necessary to use a SCRS stamp on your project, but we sure love it when you do.
Bake chicken in 400 degree oven for about 25 minutes, or until no longer pink. Shred chicken using two forks and place in crock pot
Having tea with my sister and her family was a treat in
Many states and counties have similar tools — both for finding corporation information within a state and for finding crime data by town and neighborhood. Check with your local librarian to see if what’s available in your area.
3. I applied to be in a local crafting group called Make:Tulsa. AND I got in. It's a lot of fun and good to meet other little crafting businesses. make sure to check out the blog- everyone posts fun ideas and tutorials and they keep you posted on the fun classes that they have at the indie emporium store, made. downtown at 5th & boston. (which.. some of my dolls and crowns are sold at.)
Jeans: Lucky
Also, a nice photo of Picket Fence waiter Ozzie, above.
One can almost set a clock by the habits of field mice. Last week my van had telltale signs of mouse invasion. Bits of insulation covered the passenger side floor and I knew that it was time to open the glove box, remove the cabin air filter, and clean out the messy remnants of the evening. Out also came the mousetraps, one set on the battery under the hood, and the other placed on the passenger side floor.
The characters also are getting a makeover. While most of the specifics are still top secret, Lee says he worked with both staff and freelance artists to redesign costumes in a contemporary way as well as alter the physicality of many heroes and villains to modernize the DC Universe.
and the little story
There is a God......
He used it as a moment to admit, through his Locust Valley Lock Jaw and clenched teeth, that he, too, was wearing "men's slimming garments" under his tux.
Small metal corner: My friend Paola from South Africa (thanks girlfriend!)
Whether or not you write well, write bravely.
My bullying happened before the days of anti-bullying education, a topic that comes up so much in today’s middle school classroom that my eighth-grade daughter says she is sick of hearing about it. Back then, if you were bullied could muster up enough courage to tell a teacher or school administrator about it, you were basically told to ignore the bully. Don’t be a snitch. Stand up for yourself, and eventually, they will go away.
Back in early September of 2007, I visited New Orleans to see how the city was doing two years after Hurricane Katrina. One of the restaurants I visited was Parasol’s, an old Irish bar known for a legendary Roast Beef Po’Boy sandwich.
I let go of my despair of being abandoned and losing “the love of my life”.
Clarification:
I thought I was the only one who sees the “NEW BLACK PANTHER PARTY” as nothing more than a bunch of a F.E.D.S trying to get gullible people to react violently. The Huey P. Newton Foundation (of the ORIGINAL PANTHERS) are denouncing them!!! All of these racist hate groups have agents infiltrating their organizations. The Neo Nazi skinheads are notorious for it (IE: HAL TURNER, TIM MCVEIGH & ETC). Only a sucker would fall for the oke-doke. The panthers and other REAL positive black movements were destroyed by Gay Edgar Hoover & Co-intel-pro. Even sellout blacks were used by the feds to infiltrate and destroy the movement. Don’t think for 1 second that this agenda has ended. Here’s another great article exposing the neo nazis and the new black panthers.
what I would or could about desire
Second, the writers are clearly going to be playing up the religious fervor often found in the South. Not in a bad way, mind you, but in a way that makes it pretty clear that a tight-knit community such as Dillon is going to have a lot of church-goers who are always putting things in God’s hands. So far the big example is Lyla Garrity who keeps stubbornly promising Jason that everything is going to be alright and this trial is all part of God’s plan in some fashion.
Conclusion: Sarah and Todd were both photoshopped into the picture from two separate photos and whoever did it, made an awful job of trying to get the perspective right.
I am not a lesbian. I am not gay. I am not bisexual. I am not transgender. I am a heterosexual male. Most important of all, I am a human being, as is anyone who identifies as LGBT.
I hear voices of other family members in the next room. laughing, arguing , debating and packing. They are ready to leave. Voices from a distance sound strangely mysterious. I try to catch the words as they drift through the thin walls and dark corridor. My caretaker too is set to leave. She continuously reports how others are irked and exasperated by my decision to stay and wait. Wait for someone to fulfill a promise.
1/2 c. mayonnaise
I left Bath at 1100 and deposited my car at Ken’s house in Bristol, then we RV’d with Guy near Avonmouth and headed up the M5 to Cannock to pick up Neil. The drive up was easy, if long, but a pit stop at the side of Loch Lomond at a very well stocked pub revived us!
One of the attacks took place just hours after Taylor, who had no previous convictions, returned home from a Newcastle Borough Council meeting.
The Prius c’s user interface is very much in the mainstream. As with many compact and subcompact cars there’s a digital display with the important info along the base of the windshield. On the c Two this includes an iPod-size version of the Liftback’s center-stack LCD (a center-stack LCD is optional, and standard on the c Three and c Four), which is controlled by a steering-wheel mounted button. A lot less distracting, actually.
As I walked into the show floor, fellow guild members from 2 guilds and friends from the Country Quilter Retreat gang, came up offering their congratulations. I thanked them all, but still didn't know what for. The first quilt I saw was "In the Spotlight" with it's 2nd Place ribbon in the Appliqued Wallhanging - Human/Animal category and I was so happy. It got an "Honorable Mention" last month at the Empire Quilter's show. Then I turned the corner and to my surprise, there was "Mis Hijos" the portrait quilt of my children from a workshop with Bisa Butler and it received "Honorable Mention" in the small quilts category. I was soo happy...:-) 2 ribbons, just like last years show!! Well I continued through the show and I was stopped in my tracks..... there was "In a Blaze of Glory" with a 3rd place ribbon in the Appliqued Wallhanging category!!!
Consider this a match against two boxers, but for design geeks.
Yet even these ones, stunned silly, cannot help but praise God—perhaps even in spite of themselves. Whatever the case, one thing is for certain: the appropriate response to the action of God’s grace, wherever it is seen, is to praise God and God alone. I can’t imagine there is anything else we can do but give glory to God who gives grace where no grace is deserved, to those who can do nothing to earn it, to those who barely have the strength and the power to even come before God and ask for it. As it is, the man asked Jesus for nothing that day with his mouth—we read none of his words. As it is, Jesus demonstrated God’s grace that day quite apart from the man’s merit. And God deserved all the praise.
We are keeping our birthday blog hop open for one more week!
The Essential Bible Companion / John H. Walton, Make L. Strauss and Ted Cooper Jr.
One of the things that we learned most while in our photography program is that none of us shoots like the other. We can go into a shoot… stand right next to one another and aim and shoot the exact same subject, but come out with completely different images to work with. Not one photographer wants to shoot like another. We may have the same tastes in style but our photographs are as different as our signatures.
Corregidor - written by Sergeant Ben Waldron about his experiences as a P.O.W.
This past weekend I joined an anthropology class in a field trip to the ruins of Volubilis, a Roman-occupied city inhabited by native Moroccans that is at least 2000 years old. The ruins were amazing, and we got a good feel for how people used to live; the largest houses were something out of a Hollywood movie, with giant courtyards and fountains. Among the residences, a Roman bath house, triumphal arch, forum, and basilica still stand today. After the ruins we ate lunch in Moulay Idriss, the nearest town which is built into the mountains lining the valley. It is not so dissimilar to Chefchaouen, except is only an hour away, so some of us were thinking about spending the weekend there for hiking and camping. It’s by far the least touristy city I’ve seen in Morocco.
(2) Jenifer Simon Paul Billy Mbah
Karen and I know firsthand how difficult the campaign trail can be particularly as governor Romney faces relentless attacks from the democrats. We have been praying for him and his family and will continue to do so in the weeks and months ahead.
Each time Finn has been admitted to the hospital for a procedure (as with his sedated echo a couple weeks ago, and more recently, a second set of tubes being put in his ears), upon admittance we are asked by a nurse a slew of questions which she checks off on a form. One of the questions is invariably, “Is he up to date on his immunizations?” My answer is always “No,” at which point I get the questioning look from the nurse who follows up with “Which ones are not up to date?” “None of them are. He’s never had any vaccines,” I answer. More quizzical looks from the nurse. “Is this by choice?” she asks. “Yes,” I say.
A former Los Angeles elementary school teacher has been arrested for felony molestation of nearly two dozen students, accused of gagging children and putting live cockroaches on some of their faces. Deputies say the crimes were committed on campus.
So all in all, I think that is a decent and acceptable response, if somewhat tardy.
So, anyway, you probably know that there are two bosses: Scarlion and Targa. There are 3 phases to each and they have different stats from GMS, obviously:
1 cup creamy-style peanut butter
Under what justification has Tumblr chosen to ban non-eating “self-harm” blogs, but not to ban over-eating “self-harm” blogs? There is no objective difference that I can see.
MUFSON MA. All healthcare workers need influenza vaccine annually. New Directions in Prevention Inside Influenza. April 2002, Volume 2, Nummer 1.
In addition to music, Dan is an Ambassador for the Shriners of North America. He is a professional speaker who shares stories of fulfillment and achievement; A prime example of bravery and courage.
This week I was afflicted by an ailment I hope every blogger will get to experience at some point. It all began on Thursday¹ morning when I logged into WordPress and saw something very familiar on the homepage. I blinked to make sure I wasn’t imagining it, I read the title three times just to be sure, and then my eyes bugged out of my head. Oh. my. goodness. I pointed at the screen and shouted, “Hey, that’s my blog on Freshly Pressed!” That’s when I knew I had Freshly Pressed Shock Syndrome or FPSS.
with a Mother's Day planting activity from 1-3 PM
Smooth as raven’s claws
It became a priority to fix since its a space the people can see when they come over so I started looking at as another small room.
This card is certainly not rocket science but it's right up my alley! I positioned the sentiment in the upper right of the card which is a little different from what I typically do. I also positioned it tightly within the stripes without any space above or below the letters. Compared to the first pink & white striped creation, this card speaks more to my preference for graphic and modern cards!
Wrong. Oh so very wrong.
Desensitization surrounding rape and sexual abuse seems to continuously invade our lives – it’s in the TV shows and movies we watch, in the songs we listen to and it’s even woven into every day speech as if it weren’t a horrifying crime that affects millions of women and men in the U.S. alone. While some may think that a rape joke is harmless or a TV show graphically depicting a sexual assault is just interesting television, the prevalence and normalization of sexual violence in our daily lives has very serious consequences. Namely, it furthers the perpetuation of a culture of violence and rape in which the sexual objectification and dominance of women is just the norm.
Celebration of color?! Definitely. Not necessarily in a different way than Illamasqua has done until now, but it certainly has this early "90's revisited" vibe to it.
Goodbye for now
(Save to get the full sized pictures)
The man who seems to be actively working to make everyone's life apart from his own and his friends' that little bit harder?
Yes I’m still in the world of the living. Really sorry for being absent for longer than I said, I’ve been having a few personal problems of late that have been affecting my health (mainly worrying about money), but I’m back again.
Now the jars are ready to go into my canner. You can see in this photo the three jars in front showing the three steps to putting the lids on. First make sure your jar rim is clean. Then put on the rubber gasket. Next place the white lid on top. Finally, put on the metal ring. Tighten as you normally would, then turn BACK a 1/4 turn. That is the only thing that was different about using these lids.
I was there with my husband Richard and sister Jennifer. We heard some of our favorite musicans, like the Brass Band of California who are always lively, funny and accurate. (I got some tips about 1860s Music Hall traditions.) We also managed to catch Wylie and the Wild West and the Hot Club of Cowtown. I missed Sourdough Slim and his saw-playing sidekick, but Richard and Jennifer loved them.
as outside enters inside
Guess what? I did a shitty job welding two intake manifolds. I had built a test manifold before this one, to get all my angles and dimensions correct. So I grabbed it out of the bin, and bolted everything back up. Salty fired on the first kick, and ran great for about 2 minutes, holding a perfect idle and taking throttle. Then I heard it stumble and saw a puff from the same exact location! What the hell. I think I'm just cracking what little weld is there as I tighten the nuts to secure it to the head. Two manifolds down. But at least I maybe found my mystery problem?
Okay, hitting the flea market with my sis again tomorrow, so I better head for bed so I'm rest up for the hunt. lol
“Whether it’s a dam breach that could destroy the third largest watershed in the world (the Mackenzie), tailings ponds that are approaching the size of a great lake, or tanker traffic on Canada’s pristine west coast: it’s clear that our country’s water is in trouble,” said David Lavallee, Director of White Water, Black Gold. “Most people do not know that the tar sands impacts actually span half the country.”
Be respectful of and nice to your kids. Hold them close with your words and deeds; show them the love they need and deserve. Don't send them to the corner of your life, physically or emotionally.
Additionally, you'll find if you look deeply, the topics I'm researching. Most of them are just fine but what about the links and information I'm putting in my next book? I've worked hard for what is in my head, do I want you to be able to see everything there before it is published in my next book? Would it put me in breach of my publishing contract? I'm not totally sure (but then again, I'm not totally unsure either it is enough of a question to bother me, however.)
The papers are from Maja Design, "Fika?". I still do love this line because of the beautiful colors! For the first time I used paperpiecing on the skirt of Ginger. And I must say, I do like it and think I will use this technique again in the future.
and cheerful dispositions....all Aussie.
Despite the fact that Pooh and Friends no longer grace his bedroom walls, I still purchase Winnie the Pooh "books and such" whenever I have the chance. For myself. I refuse to give up this part of me. I've been a fan since... my whole life.
The Cursed Earth - the first Dredd mega epic. It's where I properly fell in love with the art of Mick McMahon after initially being a Bolland only man! I love, love the Last president of the United States vampire story and still rate that segment as my favourite 2000AD strip.
What does this sculpture bring to your sensibilities? Ugliness? Beauty? Disease? Healing?
Painting the front doors black completely transformed my small Entrance Hall. And most people that pass through the doors are fooled into thinking my Ikea mirror tiles are actually a very large, very expensive mirror!
Patent marking
He looked away and stuttered his reply.
Countdownsploitation continues for better or worse. We're takin it all the way to ONE, baby!
The razor-sharpness and lightness of the Shun Fuji blade, combined with masterful control and balance in the hand, allow this knife to carve a clean, thin slice in a single stroke. Inspired by the high-performance knives used by Japanese chefs, our exclusive Shun Fuji collection represents the very best in Japanese cutlery craftsmanship.
He heard something stir from behind him, from the other side of his open screen door. Something in his house had moved—a peculiar occurrence, being that he lived alone. But things had been moving by themselves within his house a lot over the past few weeks. There had also been voices, groaning whispers that he couldn’t understand.
In case the video is taken down by the powers of YouTube, it's basically Cutrone surrounded by her posse of models(?) calling the most recent ANTM contestant that was booted (who actually walked out on her own) a list of unfavorable adjectives. Maybe this will become a weekly thing? Perhaps the season can be saved?
And I have no problem with the cheesiness of this film. It can be cheddar for all I care, this movie appeals to the child’s audience and the child in all of us. And my inner child tells me I loved slapstick back in the day. This movie delivers it well, just like Home Alone. And apparently this did well in the box office… And in Southeast Asia… Weird.
I'm going to have to stay off Facebook from now until the elections because people are already all over this and I'll be tired of hearing it all inside of an hour.
I’ve told my wife on occasion that even if I were independently wealthy, living off of a mine of oil or something in my back yard, I’d still be working hard, just on different things. I’d push the design of Zomblobs! even more, and develop its sister game that I’ve had rattling around in my mind. I’d make a steampunk fabrication lab behind the house. (Probably not by the oil well, though.) I’d write and illustrate more books. As it is, I’m doing those things when I can, in small ways, but if I didn’t have to work for a living, I’d simply have more time for the things I love to do. I’d still love to work and produce things I consider valuable, it would just have a different tenor to the process. If money could be made with the fruits of my labor, hey, that’s a bonus, but it wouldn’t be the reason for working. I’d be working because I value what I’d be doing and what I’d be producing.
white tulle, Crinoline from Joanns, and my Spellbinders Blossom die. It was misted with SS Glitz Spritz and glittered with Twinklets Diamond Dust. The center is a vintage button topped with a pearl and more glitter. The leaves are from I Am Roses and the pink acrylic sprays are from my stash.
I am the gentle autumn rain.
6.Restore my destiny fully,
To use these functions, there is Display-function, that takes the temperature and divides the tens to first display and ones to second. Display-function also inspects the sign of temperature and lights an led in digital port 11 if sign is negative. This led is going to be rectangular shape light on the left side of the displays. At this time it’s just normal led on the prototype shield.
If a friend stops by while you’re working, simply tell him/her that you’ve scheduled this time for spring cleaning. He or she is free to stay, as long as you could continue working. Perhaps, you might even get some help. If not, tell your friend you’ll stop by his or her house later on when you’re done.
watches as the little guy joins his companion.
like blurry bullets.
It's Fashion Week here in Paris. The astute among you may in fact wonder if it is never NOT fashion week in Paris ... but this week is when the fashion press, the buyers and the international celebs keen for a free frock flock to the City of Light to sashay around the city for a couple of days and hope the paparrazzi notice them.
* Inaction against crime
1, “Shane settled his flamethrower more comfortably on his shoulders. “Ladies? After you.”
The manufacturer states that issues are occurring only with dogs that are persistently being given high doses of the product. Consumers are being asked to return the product to their local Mercadona store for a full refund.
On 17 January, 2011, Yacoub parked his car outside the Presidential Palace in Nouakchott, locked the doors, doused himself in petrol, and set fire to himself. Police and passers-by rushed to his aid, smashing the car windows to get him out. He was taken to hospital, where he eventually died from from the severity of his burns.
Elise has always been the responsible one, so when she receives yet another SOS phone call from her wayward twin, she does the only thing she can do, she steps into her shoes. Having to go back to nannying is hard enough, the unexpected attraction to her arrogant employer impossible to deal with. Especially when she is forced to agree to a marriage of his convenience to pay off the debt her twin accrued.
Well, you certainly all seemed to enjoy the last sketch, we had so many people joining in again so thank you for continuing to support our challenge blog.
Remember that the primary purpose of shoes is to prevent injury. Shoes seldom correct children’s foot deformities or change a foot’s growth pattern. Casting, bracing, or surgery may be needed if a serious deformity is present. If you notice a problem, please contact our office to have your child’s feet examined.
The path of religion although can bring some serenity and belief to ones lives will not take you that far down the spiritual path to perception,awareness, and enlightenment. religion contains too much dogma within and has been altered dramatically down the ages by the people who run it, and most of the scriptures of any religion can be interpreted to suit the ego. Without question however religious symbology and artifacts can be used to help you along the spiritual path, the cross for instance can be used as a focal point to draw upon the power of the Christ consciousness. any image of Mary can create a peaceful blessing setting, a statue of Buddha can bring calmness and oneness etc…In fact although I am not a christian, I know I follow the ten commandments of god in my 3D bubble reality environment ..that’s what they were designed for, making ours and other people’s lives better here on Earth..they are not really much help when it come to travelling the spiritual path and wanting to understand our true meaning.
Memoir
As unschoolers, life learners we take everything as it comes. Each child and situation is different and warrants a different approach.
(So there, Mother Nature!)
Operated by: St. Vincent de Paul (925) 682-5811
Here are my thoughts from that day……
I went looking for my bed, and wasn’t sure how to get there. I finally
During dinner I was getting pretty uncomfortable- It took me awhile to realize the contractions were close together and getting stronger.
I think are worth sharing.
Here’s a table that I saw in the showroom. Beautiful!
We had a nice little thunderstorm last night, actually more of a lightning storm than a thunder storm.
Both in the construction design of the mechanical units as well as in the concept of the electrical and electronic control functions, a high value has been placed on the greatest number of possible variations. For this reason the composition of the projector is very easily adapted to meet specific customer requirements. The projector housing has adjustable pedestals giving a variable projection angle of ±10 degrees. The projector will be delivered completely wired and factory-tested, pad shoes ensure a reliable and precise film transport and guidance. A curved film gate ensures a sharply defined picture, even when buckled film is being run.
1 battle
In Nouadhibou itself, activists protested outside the Moroccan consulate for two hours against remarks made by one of their delegation which suggested Mauritania was a vassal of the Moroccan state.
October goals:
18 different performances took place in and around Fort Greene! And 85 in Williamsburg!
Tommy Harper is the third AL guy in a row which has been pretty rare so far in this set. He does break one streak though, in that his '73 season was a pretty big one. In a sort of comeback year Tommy boosted his offensive numbers pretty considerably in Boston and led the AL in stolen bases, setting a Red Sox record in the process. He gets a sunny spring training shot here, which is appropriate because he was generally a well-spoken, thoughtful guy. He got good props in "Ball Four" and his profile would get raised years later after he was done playing but we can get to that below.
10 - Tears And Triumph.
I didn't grab individual photos of the food stands because they're not visually noteworthy. However, there is a decent variety of junk food: burgers, a pizza place, ice cream, a Chinese place that's popular with the locals for its chop suey sandwiches and a stand that sells popcorn and a multitude of flavored taffy. I think it's required if you have any kind of park near the water on the East Coast, you must sell taffy somewhere.
Of lack
Consider the irony of me saying that I was going to try to do things a bit differently and then dream about FLYING somewhere -- since I never fly. The not-enough-time-to-get-ready part--not so ironic--just typical.
Ghost wants it to be over.
Question Five.
A widow throwing away bags and bags of her husband’s things. Suits, leather shoes, belts, jackets, hobby equipment, his shaving kit and other various items of his time on Earth. She has bagged up her husband’s life. 30 years of marriage consolodated into a pile of 27 black plastic (body) bags, being hurteled into the back of a blue truck stained with rust and grime, by two young men she has never met before. Strangers throwing away and silently contemplatig the cash value of her late husband’s belongings. We act polite. We are polite. Perhaps this woman is lucky. We could be far more crude and insensitive, but we aren’t. I understand people and I would never compromise the fragile state of a woman in mourning.
2 sequence
In the Bahamas, it’s all about the Conch. Click on the “Read the rest of this entry” link below for more.
To begin this project you will need the following:
Since Jan. 1, Hillsborough County deputies have seen roughly 500 tax fraud cases.
This is quite a departure for a country best known for producing wine and liqueurs, although in recent years the creation of Grey Goose and Ciroc vodkas and Citadelle gin, all respected products, have broadened the French portfolio.
I will admit that I have a tendency to jump to conclusions about these sorts of laws and, partially because the topic isn’t a really big deal for me, I have a tendency to just listen to what the media is saying about a law. I generally assume that 50% of what they claim the law does is complete and utter bullshit, since that’s my default setting for news, but this time I actually started doing a little research because someone actually bothered to bring up a discrepancy in the facts when talking about the law and posted a link to the bill itself.*
But before I tell you what it is, I want to remind anyone who is interested that I am still taking sponsors for May. If you would like to swap sponsor with me, send me an e-mail and I will give you more information. If you have spoken with me already, please make sure to get me your info asap if you have not done so :)
For starters it's shorter. And there's motion. Do you see the difference?
1 ½ cups (375 ml) 0% fat fromage frais, quark, sour cream or natural yogurt
Oops. I think I have a typo in my header. Oh, but no matter. I’m only reviewing a Chetan Bhagat book. After all, 98% of indians have poor english, right? So the hell with spell checks on this post.
I vaguely recall conversations with my mother about exotic countries with names like Zimbabwe, Botswana, Tanzania, Kenya. I was transfixed by beautiful animals in wildlife documentaries and books: Zebras, Antelope, Lions, Elephants and Giraffes scattered across plains of unimaginable vastness, not to mention my favourite: Gorillas and Chimpanzees swinging through the rainforests. I fell in love with The Lion King and then the book and film of Born Free. The latter story appealed in particular due to it being a true story and I fell in love with George, Joy Adamson and Elsa, their beautiful lioness.
In this past week.
It’s been raining off and on all weekend, one heavy shower after another. Just when I think there isn’t another drop left in the sky another downpour will hit the old tin roof and it leaves me feeling happy that I can settle on the couch, reading a book whilst listening to the howling of the wind in the background.
16. Arctic Monkeys - Humbug... Again, for some reason I haven’t gotten around to listening to the entire thing, but I’m sure glad that the Arctic Monkeys still matter and have been able to translate all that hype and talent into high quality output. Nice lads too!
The Bears' official website makes mention that Newark boasts a baseball history that goes as far back as the Civil War. Unmentioned by their site are some of the names of those teams. The Newark Eurekas were one of those clubs of Baseball's earliest era. The Elizabeth Resolutes were their nearby rival ball club. So, yes indeed, Newark was a participating member of towns that launched this great game forward during and after the Civil War.
Frankly it was depressing after being back at home but the temperature came down quickly thanks to strong antibiotics and I was able to negotiate going home after just one night's observation so at least I was home Sunday evening.
Middlest was struggling.
Special Kit 3 (Donkey Kong) Beat all 8 minigames
In the bitey world, there's no room for patience. From anyone really. We need time to breath, to escape the teeth if only for a short while, and not have to look over our shoulders for that dark, looming shape that wants to sink they're teeth into our butt. Unfortunately, in both parts of my working life, there's no bus ride out of "bitey-world", but I'm learning to navigate the path ahead, to give that grizzly the slip, even if it isn't something I would wish, nor - as in my writing - my readership would wish.
I used a collage image from Retro Cafe Art for my center. I combined it with a little vintage ledger paper and some vintage Christmas music to frame it out. The background is a vintage flash card that I used varitone ink on. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink is it is this really cool product made by Coffee Break that goes on clear and then when you heat it with your heat-gun it burns brown. The longer you heat it the darker it gets. That's how I get the authentic aged look to a lot of my pieces. In this case I used a dots stencil and a sponge to dab the ink on and then heated. But you can swipe it on or rub it in with your fingers if you want. So cool.
But still, never mind, I shall not fall into a heap this time and not cope, having to slink off into internet hibernation while licking wounds and muttering darkly to myself, cos......look what I made (bursts with pride and fancies self as the soon to be discovered Picasso of the ...what is this decade? The teenies? S'not the noughties anymore is it ?
Far-right parties across Europe are growing in popularity. In last month’s European elections, the BNP won two seats for the first time in Yorkshire and the northwest and took 6.2% of the national vote.
Love you all, see you NOT THIS SUNDAY, BUT NEXT SUNDAY
Phew - what a fab list!
My neighbor, Jeremy, took Jordan and I home from our first swim practice. I was silent in the backseat as the two of them talked up front. Jeremy pulled up in front of my house when Jordan finally asked me how old I was.
Okay, got that off my chest. Have a lovely day, I'm going to spread my sunshine around somewhere else......
With willow-weed and mallow.
It is warm and steamy today and as J is fishing I am trying to get some housework done, but my toe is now sore so the vacuuming will have to wait until tomorrow.
Next up is to figure out the alignment for your clever cutlass. This is perticuarly important as a person can only wield one with the same alignment as themselves or they take damage every turn they hold it depending on how big the difference is. While the alignment is determined randomly there is a 70% chance of it ending up lawful, 20% neutral, and thus only 1 in ten will be chaotic so most parties will be able to use one when they find it.
Then he meets Rosetta: so beautiful and so different from everything and everyone he's ever known. But Rosetta has secrets of her own, and Seth soon realizes he isn't the only one who needs saving . . .
249. Chocolates @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 2:40 p.m.
Both patterns include an alphabet so you can personalize your sampler.These should be in your local shops in a couple of weeks.
My parents are 2 of my closest friends...
This segment also includes clips from the vigil held on April 10, 1994 in Seattle and how "In Utero", "Nevermind", and "Unplugged in New York" were all currently on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart.
In my analysis, she is one of the two women mentioned in Matthew 24:41 and Luke 17:35. The one taken up was the Blessed Virgin Mary and Ka Apaz is the one left.
Crown comb: 1920s-1930s (most likely 1920s)Art deco Celluloid wonder
Now I listened and Got it all.
Natalie:
I admit it: it’s exhausting and a bit messy and you need a small army of catechists and sponsors, but it’s totally worth it. We have definitely seen the difference in the ‘quality’ of the conversions. What does it mean right now? Right now, we have three different RCIA strands: the neophytes and newly received who are in their period of Mystagogy; those still in the Catechumenate who were not yet ready to be baptised or received at Easter; those who are coming to the end of the Precatechumenate and ready to begin their year-long Catechumenate. Sound like a lot of juggling? It is. Thankfully, we have a lot of catechists to call on to take on various sessions.
“For too many years, those at the top have been getting unjustified rewards. I have changed where we stand.
But I don't much care. For also we have explored a lovely 'new' (new to me) Beach. And this morning, we had The Eats:
“A shambolic mess?” Steve asked.
Jose is supposed to be Mexican according to the book. He also has an affinity for tequila and tries to take advantage of his friend Ana when she’s drunk. Every other line he has is, “Ay Dios Mio Ana!” No, Ms. James does not play into stereotypes. At all. Nobody plays a better cholo than Lou Diamond Phillips. Nobody. Also, he’s Hollywood’s go to when they need to fill in role of Hispanic person. Young Guns, La Bamba, the list goes on so I won’t. Just imdb him.
we may sing to you
Thanks for stopping by and having a read of my blog. I will have to start to posting more often but I'm snowed under with cross stitching projects. I have a baby sampler to finish by early next month. I will post a photo as soon as it is finished.
Every day we get the opportunity to start again. That’s what I did this morning, I started again. Does it suck to have back tracked? Regressed? .. Taken several steps forward and then doubled back in a fourth of the time? You bet! But what’s the other option? There is no other option. Giving up isn’t an option. Staying stagnated isn’t an option. COMPROMISING IS NOT AN OPTION.
A new band with the previously featured Greg Cee on the roster. Much like the solo work of Greg Cee, this band plays loud and howling garage punk. At risk of saying so about too band submitted bands, they remind me of the early Ty Segall bands like Party Fowl and Epsilons. But I just as easily might say Tyvek or Nohopekids. Hope they realize how happy I am to get some garage sent in, been hankering it all the more since some conversations with people that are less than fans of the genre.
For the past several years, unique prints have been a pretty big defining feature for brands, and for many people was the thing that drew them to the fashion. While there have almost always been unique prints, they were usually understated until the pastel-dancing-bunnies-riding-rainbows-made-of-unicorn-hair Sweet Lolita explosion happened, and after that it seemed like even the other styles were trying to come up with the next bigger and better print. With the rising interest in Classic Lolita it's no surprise that the next big print trend came from Juliette et Justine, a brand that is undeniably Classic.
· PRESERVE - Preserving, restoring and improving the local environment
Than the strong man in his wrath!
BYLINE: Michael White And Christopher Zinn
On 28 October 2008, the case against Isaac Mitchel Mondlani was withdrawn “as there was no prima facie case against him”.
Well, yeah ... and I proceeded to tell them the whole story.
This kind of thinking and truth is not rare among us, and there are many black men who are holding it down. The system, wink, has used the ol’ divide and conquer strategy throughout time against naive people. Ladies, if you say or don’t believe you need a man. Your children do!!!
Avoid Repetition
Police say 21-year-old Vincent Mercaldo III of Marietta used his black 2000 Volvo and a blue strobe light to make a traffic stop around 11 p.m. To his surprise, it was his neighbor from across the street.
Pour the melted stuff over the popcorn mixture. Stir gently to coat. Spread on waxed paper or parchment paper to harden. If you're hurry, put it in the fridge so it hardens faster. Break into pieces.
After another round of hitting the books, I'll give it another shot.
a real love of things in the past. When I look at this, it is probably
For this recipe, I rounded up the following:
let's make some cards
acknowledge vulnerability when I find it, then what role is there for
The BNPs very able female candidate in the recent Barnsley by-election had excellent chances of a high protest vote which the leaders destroyed by promoting to Yorkshire Organiser Ian Kitchen whose wife is a “granny-porn star” across the internet. This is supposed to be the party of family values. His deputy was former detective Simon Goodricke, who contested a ward in Barnsley in 2008. He was sacked from West Midlands Police and jailed for 18 months for perverting the course of justice and defrauding a pensioner of £1,000. He was found guilty at Birmingham Crown Court in 1998 after tipping off two businessmen who were attempting to swindle £100 million from Colombian drug barons. (3) I have no wish to attack people who have paid for their crimes but to show one of Griffin's methods of discrediting the party and preventing them being successful. Promoting people with bad pasts into the public eye whereby the media will use them to discredit the party and movement as a whole. That is a harsh fact of life.
The goal of every believer is to walk in the way of Christ, to emulate Him in everything we think, say and do. The way we treat people, the way we do our work, the way we spend our time – the way we do everything! – should show the world that we are followers of Jesus. Our lives should bear spiritual fruit, pointing people toward Christ and impacting the lives of others the way Jesus did when He was on the earth. This is a life that is fully pleasing to Him (v10).
It is a disease in society today, be nice, be kind, be patient, be spiritual.
Skip to Sunday. Brunch was wonderful, and we had a great visit with my parents, visits that I cherish because I know there will come a day in the not too distant future where I no longer have one or both of them to visit.
Later he served on the USS Shea which went to Okinawa to assist with minesweeping and anti aircraft operations and then on to Iowa Jima and then he told me how months later a Yokosuka MXY-7 rocket powered Kamikaze plane (he said they called them Bakas- fool or idiot in Japanese) hit the ship so fast and so hard he hardly knew what happened- where it came from- where it went- and how- just like that- 40 men had been killed and over 80 wounded.
Hang the trap in a “high-traffic” area for bugs.
Young said Edwards assured her the arrangement was legal: “I heard Mr. John Edwards tell me on the phone that he checked with the campaign lawyers and this is legal. ‘Get the money in.’ He was very short and very angry.”
Aw!!! Thais how today was. It started out with smiles. Stupid touch screen called The Ex when I was still half asleep. We had a really good conversation. I went to work smiling but when I got there the Assistant Mang. threw a list of things that were broken and going wrong and then she ran off. And then I ran out of pennies and was at the store all by myself. Awesome day!
YELLOW BANANA SPLIT SUCKER
na hi suptasya simhasya
I suppose that this is the point at which I admit that while I generally only watch scripted television as a rule, I do make one major exception, and that is American Idol. Why? Because despite what haters who want to hate might say, it is totally awesome. Granted, sometimes on Idol TPTB and/or the American public make frustratingly bad decisions. For instance, Jes Hudak made it past the auditions and was cut in the group rounds in Hollywood back in season 5, though she was never shown (I would know, I watched that season particularly closely – yeeeah POREH). Jackie Tohn made it all the way through to the voting rounds in season 8 but fell victim to the uberdumb Top 36 format and never really got a proper chance. But it’s just as well because if they had made it, we wouldn’t have Powerfox and Ponymane!
Mr. Dahl: "Ok, but you have to heat it up first."
Had the Hercules on tap...the bottles we had in melbourne over 6 months ago were way hoppier...the tap version i had lacked alot of hops...craft beer variation i guess. All solid brews..however nothing hoppy compared to West Coast pales and IPA's from San Diego.
Earlier, the group of about 500 hundred people had been creating street theater at Montgomery and Market in the Financial District at noon (click here for a nice photo from Axel).
For a pattern I used the illustration in Jean Hunnisett's Period Costume for Stage & Screen: Patterns for Women's Dress 1500-1800. I did shorten it, since apparently I'm not as tall as the typical stage actress.
Having inhaled in the redolent of creosote on so many occasions, I am reminded of a multitude of adventures when among it. In turbid skies, so it seems, does the essence of the desert rise and waft through the air. Ever waiting, ever still until the after effects of far away places bring in the blessed moisture. Standing here on the final leg of the journey, I can wait until the last second as the storm barrels and rolls its way across the region. Drenching the parched landscape, reinventing the desert into a respite of life and good fortune.
i do believe i've fallen in love with a goat. several goats, actually. how could you not fall in love with this grin?
Speaking of selling, it originally fetched $1.8 when it was new in March, 2004. Those buyers finished the basement and perhaps added a few features and then resold it to the present owners for $2.5 million in July of 2005 – oh, those were the days.
“We had to go with Plan Б,” said Space Federation spokesman Dmitri Crashnikov at yesterday’s press conference. “We can’t go to Mars, so we study ocean. Anyway, Mars is boring. Ocean has lots of creatures.”
I don’t like going with a diet food delivery service… But if you do… Find a really good one.
After Truman stabilized the man’s blood-sugar level, he was discharged with a new prescription.
Thanks for continuing to support Beau throughout this process...more updates to follow :)
L15/43’s Exploration Details 31
They eventually both fell asleep on the couch and I continued to watch a tiny Bear, with a tiny pig tail scream “mamma watch.” While a guy I was once in love with swing his baby around. Ugh, it was tough. It made me grateful for what I have now though. It is surreal that feeling of then and now versus just how far we have come.
8. It angers me that numerous people had to approve this before it went to air - I just told you how the system works. Only one person has to approve these kind of ads and that’s Ben Bernanke. Apart from the odd mistake (undead Normie Rowe) he makes excellent decisions.
Sludge was recently classified as a nutrient, and the management of its use shifted to the Ministry of Agriculture from the Ministry of the Environment. That means it’s classified as a type of manure instead of treated under waste management rules.
Mickey over at I'm A Book Shark recently posted her review, including an interview with MOI. :) ON TOP OF THAT, she's giving away a free ebook copy of BTPM. LOTS to see over there. Go check it out and get entered to win. HERE.
UPS is an essential. So are ice lollies for children.
It's kind of strange, really. I look around this life and I am ever so satisfied.
I urge you all to donate!!
Elaine Pagels
He also finally got to climb that tree he’s always wanted to try. I gave him a boost and he did the rest. Almost fearless but still careful.
“I’m sorry. It’s not what you think.”
Poetry is about expressing something, not about making sure every line or every other line rhymes and adheres to a scheme. Schemes are great for practise but don’t allow yourself to be too restrained by them as a concept. Similarly if you prefer to rhyme don’t feel that you have to write free verse. What works for you is what works for you, just remember to consider the rhythm when writing poetry.
Rhee is a financial juggernaut who is raising millions of dollars from Republicans and Democrats alike. If you are a California teacher and you think we are safe out here on the “left-coast,” think again. Rhee is married to the mayor of Sacramento Kevin Johnson, and she has been touring California trying to push her anti-teacher agenda.
Writing report cards is a bitch without a computer.
N- detects in ‘community values’ or ‘the utility of the herd’, a situation at once self-contradictory and absurd. He does not think that one can have a genuine situation of ‘neighbor love’ in a communal situation, as love is one of the ‘strong drives’ and can only be embodied by a ‘high and independent’ spirit. Opposed to this, N- thinks, is the society which values community, as this can only be founded in a system of ‘neighbor fear’, fear that one’s neighbor might do something: either become ‘criminal’ or conversely, do something to ‘rise above’ the herd; both of which are considered ‘immoral’ to a communal society. I think he sees this as the way most people run most (modern) societies most of the time, and his chief critique of these types of living arrangements are that it stultifies. That it considers that which he values (will to power, etc.) as criminal, as ‘branded and slandered most’. ‘Everything that elevates and individual above teh herd and intimidates the neighbor is henceforth called evil.’ That they co-opt and abuse moral rhetoric to enforce their ‘peaceful conditions’, and above all their ‘mediocrity‘. In such a society, only a ‘sheep, gains in respect’. These societies seem to N- to consider as their imperitive ‘”we want that some day there should be nothing any more to be afraid of!”…is now called “progress”.’ N-’s tastes appear to run counter.
After Dan, Brandon took the stage. He used Dan’s amp (vintage Princeton Reverb) which made his sax playing sound a heck of a lot warmer. Brandon is a good player, and used a lot of delay and loops.
One friend didn't show up but sent an apologetic text explaining how a rather unpleasant stomach bug made it imperative for her to be within 10 feet of a toilet at all times, and also demanding a full description of Wolverine's bum (and preferably his "meat and two veg") when we got to that glorious part of the film. I sent her a text back suggesting it would be detrimental to her recovery to get too excited and therefore refused to meet her demands, good friend that I was and having only her welfare in mind. I won't say what she sent back, it wasn't terribly polite.
Wednesday, July 13th 2011, 4:00 a.m. We are in the truck and ready to go. Mike comes inside to do one last check only to find Braelyn sobbing like crazy at the bottom of the stairs. It took a minute to get out of the door, but we did. We left our sad little girl with mom at 4:00 a.m. and there was no turning back! Kristie gave us the genius idea of grabbing the blankets from the airplane and using them for the beach. So we did, and it worked perfect for us! (No, I didn't feel at all bad or guilty, after all if I had checked in any bags it would have cost me an extra $30). Our flights were just about perfect and we landed in Kauai at 11:00 a.m. We went to the car rental and switched our convertible to a Jeep Wrangler (I forgot how fun those are!) Neither of us could wipe the smiles off of our faces. The drive to Kauai Beach Resort was just minutes away so we checked right in and were so excited about the view (I'm posting all pictures later.) With no itinerary or places to be, we just got in the car and drove. We ate some pizza (was not that good) and then drove down to Poi Pu Beach and hung out. We were in complete awe with that drive. Little did we know that it would only get better and better as the week went on. After the beach we drove to Spouting Horn and watched as the waves crashed into the rocks. Then we found ourselves watching the sunset at Salt Pond Beach. Both of us were pretty tired so we came back to our room and went to bed.
For until my late teens, my mother did not insist on a wet grinder - a heavy duty appliance for tough grinding! She had a domestic help who did the grinding on the traditional mortor, we call attukkal or kallural. We were asked to lend a hand sometimes too. In fact, during holidays in our grand parents home, these were considered fun activities for girls and boys alike!
A few of the Lollipop Girls and I will show you how it's done. Check out what we did for this challenge..... Amy Oxford a.k.a. Snap Crackle Pop created this gorgeous game piece necklace.
blonde hair in soft-glow focus, all else
We are coordinating a track within the above mentioned EAD conference and are inviting submissions on the topic:
Table mountain looks a lot bigger at sea level. Once you wangle your way up to where the cable cars are, its not that high and can be walked up in approximately 2 hrs I believe. Weather didn’t allow such an adventure. But I have caught a cold and wasn’t up for too much missioning. Nurofen only gets you so far before you need more.
And if the Council, one day, want to send the cops in to arrest the volunteers for feeding the hungry and dispossessed of Brighton because its bad for Brighton's image, then let them do that. I'd happily go to jail for that. Words cannot describe the ignorance of these Council busy bodies. Words cannot describe the corruption and wickedness of the Council. It is high time that those who are charged with the duty to care for and house those sleeping on the beach in Brighton are brought face to face with those who they neglect, with those they ignore, with those who they persecute, with those who they despise for no reason other than out of mere prejudice, suspicion, ignorance and fear! Health and safety!? Like the Council give a flying one about the 'health and safety' of the homeless of Brighton. Most of them wake up with their faces on the floor surrounded by piss every morning. Dear Brighton and Hove City Council. If you're really concerned about the 'health and safety' of the homeless of Brighton then house them and feed them!
OK, I had achieved my first objective – first through the covered bridge and first onto the dirt road. But, I hadn’t travelled all this way to go on a charity ride. I knew I was stronger than most of the Cat 5 field, so .. . on my new hybrid wheel combo (two more different wheels you could hardly find), I found some undiscovered time trial skills – an hour at 98% of threshold (according to my power files) and caught up to the second group of five from the front at mile 28, after passing a bunch of Cat 5 stragglers that were of no help whatsoever. One rider even offered to work with me. Guess he couldn’t hang on with my first pull.
Auntie
You can go around to your local shopping center to find best beauty products, foods, clothes, cosmetics, accessories and that you want to buy or you can find a place online deals that always offering best deals on those thing that you buy from their local shopping center. There are number of great retailer sites that always offered discounts and coupons on products that you need the most often for your daily deals. It is the good way to stock up and get in a good price and delivery is usually very fast services.
Ours is a message the world does not always want to hear, but it is the only way to salvation. Are we, like the false prophets described above, afraid of the tide of public opinion? Do we cater to culture? Do we speak truth regardless of personal consequences?
Notice that the linen turban relates to the linen tunic, while the blue thread is similar to the second tunic, and the golden Tzitz is relatable to the ephod, since the ephod had gold thread in it.
A Muslim cleric urged the crowds to push on in a sermon in Tahrir before protesters seat on the pavement in row after row across the sprawling plaza.
I was eating it all up, absorbing the French-ness of the experience. But after a few hours on the flat, hard seating risers my tired fesses began to ache. I squirmed a bit. Then I tried sitting on my hands to cushion my poor derrière, but of course that's not so practical when you've agreed to applaud enthusiastically on cue. Finally it was time for a break.
Band of Brides demands men shirts with exceedingly low necklines! Tighter male trousers! More groupies!
We planted a bean seed in four different glass jars. One was a control which has all four elements, but in each of the other three jars we left out one of the four elements. We created a chart and have been recording our observations each day of school.
The Constitution is there to do one thing: protect God-given rights. That’s what makes America different than every other country in the world. No other country in the world has its rights — rights based in God-given rights, not government-given rights.
Ask yourself: what moral imperative informs the attitudes of these church leaders toward Israel? What is it that drives them to help obliterate the very root from which their churches spring? What in God’s name permits them to close their ears to the wishes of those in the pews, who disagree almost totally with their secularized, pomo vision. Where is the ecclesia in this witches’ brew of hatred, intolerant tolerance, and politically correct insanity? It is behavior which provokes one to ponder the reality of a personification of Evil out there somewhere, pulling the strings of a group of addled do-badders.
Blurb: I have two weeks. You’ll shoot me at the end no matter what I do.
Currently, competition for this merchandise is very high on the US market. If the US authorities decide to levy a tax or high tariffs on this commodity, steel companies will find it harder to export welded carbon steel pipes to the US. Moreover, as this is a dual petition (anti-dumping and countervailing duty), Vietnamese steelmakers are at more of a disadvantage.
"What?" I asked.
Physical Education
Feminism came up at the right time to rescue women who were bombarded with stereotypical images of the definition of womanhood. Feminism helped many women to come out of their shells and understand their worth. No wonder, women gradually fought for their rights and became successful albeit after a lot of struggle. But then, we are not discussing the issue of feminism. The matter is about how during the course of the effort to acquire equality, many women have taken over the mantle of chauvinism. Feminism has quietly transformed into female chauvinism. Just like how a group of men (not all mind you) came up with chauvinist ideas about women, women (again, not all) are coming up with chauvinist views about men today. They are displaying the same kind of arrogant superiority over men that used to be displayed before the feminist revolution. There were lesser choices available for women then. Today, women are everywhere – they are free to make their choices be it in the field of education, choice of mate, social set-up and the like. Again, this does not apply to all women; this certainly does not generalize all categories of women. After all, all women cannot be accused of being female chauvinist pigs. Coming back to female chauvinists, if there is a rape then all men are wild animals who know nothing better. Till women get things going smoothly, it’s fine but the moment they are restricted even for valid reasons, they jump up and cry foul.
“int” or “intermediate” routes spanning the V2-V4 range…
Then Africa, then Asia, then South America . . .
April 30 marks eight years of wedded bliss for us! ;o) Yay! We celebrated last night by going to see Les Mis at the Fox. It was fabulous! We had wonderful seats, too--Row G, I believe, so seven back. Not as close as the time we saw the show in New York, but still close enough to see the performers' spit from time to time. LOL!
My Mommy set me free.
There was one small scene, however, that continued to trouble our conscientious star, and no amount of waffle on our part could convince him that he had its proper significance within his sights. This was where, as an American scientist in East Berlin for reasons I need not go into, he has a meeting with Julie Andrews who has to place a package into his hands, for reasons I no longer remember. Newman's problem, as he agonized it to Hitchcock during the camera rehearsal, was on the lines of: 'Hitch, it seems to me I have a situation here with Julie, I have a situation with the package, I have a situation with being in East Berlin and I have a situation with the problem of our being observed. Now how should I be relating in this scene?' HItchcock, having listened courteously, delivered his judgment in his measured, plummy accents: 'Well, Mr. Newman, I'll tell you exactly what I have in mind here. Miss Andrews will come down the stairs with the package, d'you see, when you, if you'll be so good, will glance just a little to the right of camera to take in her arrival; whereupon my audience will say, "Hulloh! What's this fellow looking at?" And then I'll cut away, d'you see, and show them what you're looking at.'
What is of significance is how those who should have known better, those who's job it is to protect, teach or inform society dealt with her allegations, and what their motives were for doing so. To those people, the ones who exploited the lies of a mad woman for their own ends and for the sake of a political ideology, I will not extend the same right of anonymity.
The SACP has demanded to be consulted as a full partner of the tripartite alliance instead of ANC decisions being imposed on it.
He said that the country’s politicians are currently doing nothing better because they say things but refuse to put them on paper to help move the nation forward. On his chances of getting the nod as the CPP flag-bearer, Prof Akosa, told The Enquirer that his message has gone down well with the delegates and that he was sure of victory. “I have toured almost all the regions and met with the stakeholders of the CPP and strongly feel that something good will happen at the end of the congress,” he said.
I got 5 pink begonia's all of the same size and colour which set me back about £20,-.It's not my favourite plant by all means, but it was the cheapest .And hopefully the easiest to keep alive . It looked pretty cheerful. Plus my track record with orchids is not good.I only managed to keep 1 alive for a year , years ago.
Contrary to popular belief, the government back then was not laissez faire, although the market was freer than it is now. The industrial age was built on bribery, kickbacks, protective tariffs, government aid, land grants and yes, even legal monopoly status, all granted by the federal government. It was not a free market, Uncle Sam was not a disinterested third-party, and the captains of industry, thought hard-working and innovative, were not pristine free-market capitalists.
I was mortified. Here my son was, thirteen months old, and he still didn't know how to shake someone's hand. I was a failure as a mother. I was a failure as a Mormon. My husband laughed. My son laughed. My bishop laughed. I imagined them laughing at me and tried not to cry. But bishop didn't mind. He reached into his desk and pulled out something shiny, which he placed in LG's tiny hand. LG thanked him (thank goodness), looked at the little treasure in his hand, and made a concerned face. "I can't have it," he said.
3. Never stop touching – it doesn’t matter if you’re screwing my pussy, my ass or my mouth. Don’t let your fingers go to sleep. Stimulation during sex shouldn’t just come from your cock. Guys have two more sex organs, they’re called hands. USE THEM. While your cock is enjoying my cunt, your hands should be stroking my face, my butt, my thighs, my shoulders, the nape of my neck (yes, please!) or even just playing with my hair. Touch, touch, then touch some more, because a woman’s brain will convert those caresses into extra bits of orgasm.
people/taxpayers
So what do they do then? Well there are two schools of thought. There is the ‘shouty’ school and then there is the ‘flirty’ school. I find that both are tried by both sexes, and normally if one isn’t working the other comes in quick succession. I do hear of officers talking about the ‘attitude test’ and some are swayed with a bit of a flirt depending on their mood, but I would like to think that this isn’t how the majority of offences are dealt with or we would have to put a ‘shouty act’ and a ‘flirty act’ through Parliament!
write a review of my blog on alexa (3 extra entries)
a time to mourn and a time to dance,
There is no need to be afraid from your guardian angel because he is in this world to protect you not harm you in any way. They are sent to this world to shield you, guide you through rough paths, and make things easier for you. They will answer your prayers and protection will be provided to you in a most proficient ways. You can even talk to them and they will answer you back in human voice. However, you cannot see them, because they are angels. Just a desire to make contact with your Guardian Angels in meditation will be enough for you to succeed in it.
I’ll be better. I’ll try harder. I won’t take anything for granted.
is�L�ecp�d Xr I, page 980.).
05. Cockroach - 5:04
Torchwood: Miracle Day, finished on the weekend. I very much enjoyed it, although the episodes varied in quality. The first few episodes were all action as the characters fought for their lives. There was not a lot of character development or back story until midway through the series when we got an episode concentrating
The revision process can’t be word-count-centric. It’s this funny relationship between the critical brain and that freeflowing brain, the child’s brain that just wants to make stories up and weird little rules to the games. No you can’t be that! And you’re dead! And yes, kites come from Jesus and grow on trees. Or whatever. The work of that mind has to be evaluated by the other mind, and this seems so dangerous. The mind that says “Yeah that sucks pretty hard, not interesting. Nope that doesn’t make any sense either.” That’s the same mind that tells you you’re a piece of shit and can’t write and have no talent and you’re ugly besides. That mind, that aspect, has to be somehow tamed to the point where it will also admit, “OK that bit’s not too bad. I like that part.” The inner editor is a requirement, and it’s hard to keep her healthy.
These days, I’m trying a new tack. I’m allowing myself to eat when I’m hungry – and my winter body is slowly losing its clout! OK, I confess, there’s a little more to it. Yes, I’m eating when I feel hungry, but I’m being a tad smarter about what I eat. I’ve stocked up on the fruit, veggies and other low-carb snacks and I’m using them as my weapons against the predictable cravings.
Ma and I used to walk a lot back in the Philippines. I remember that when I was in grade five, my friends and I were fighting a lot. I was really depressed. The only thing that got me through it was walking with my mom. I really like walking. It’s a full body exercise, but you’re not stressed and sweaty. You look at the houses, the trees. Everything is moving past you.
Richard Youngs is a prolific and unpredictable musician whose work ranges from quirky folk and psychedelia to abstract improvisation and more, but my favorite of his many modes is the one he's in on Long White Cloud. This is Youngs in his ethereal folksinger guise, singing plaintive melodies over delicate, chiming guitar picking or repetitive piano. After the understated elegance of the simple, pretty first two tracks, Youngs then stretches out for the mantra-like "Big Waves of an Actual Sea," on which he intones a droning chant over simple piano chords for a few minutes until suddenly introducing additional layers, echoing and superimposing his voice as the piano motif grows more complex as well. This is followed by the ritualistic "Rotor-Manga-Papa-Maru," on which Youngs keeps returning to the nonsense chant of the title over a grinding, circular guitar motif and a processed, growelly vocal sample that provides the song's bass pulse. The final track, "Mountains Into Outer Space," restates and reconfigures the melody and lyrics of the opening song, and it's the album's best piece and one of Youngs' very best songs. For nearly nine minutes, a blipping, skipping guitar pattern propels Youngs' soaring voice into the stratosphere, dripping with ache and reverb. It's a haunting tune, and Long White Cloud as a whole is one of Youngs' best singer/songwriter albums, along with Autumn Response and Beyond the Valley of Ultrahits. [buy]
1. Make meat soboro
Who, although he be God and Man, yet he is not two, but one Christ;
J: To increase the awareness. There are still some people on the planet who don’t even know who Jesus is. They’ve never even heard the name. What we as Christians must do is tell them about who Jesus is and what he did for the human race. We cannot, and shouldn’t, try to or otherwise attempt to force our belief’s down somebody’s throat. We can tell them of their situation and of what they can do to become Christian and also relate how we became believers as well. But from there the decision to become a follower of Christ is their decision and theirs alone.
Therefore, preparing your minds for action, and being sober-minded, set your hope fully on the grace that is will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. (1 Peter 1:13)
Did Nap get left behind on this adventure? Did he ever make it back to his homeland?
What do you think? Does a press to product mismatch leave a bad impression on you of a brand? Do you think High Street brands should be allowed to market in this way?
Behold the malady
Most of the historical romances I read (practically all, in fact) take place in England, so it was really interesting to read a story set in a more familiar place. I loved all the details. And being in 1899 I found it so fascinating to read about places in New York that still exist-Tiffany, Lord & Taylor, mansions on 5th Ave, etc. Penelope was such a dreadful bitch! I felt the only real indication we had that Elizabeth had some personality was that Will loved her, so she must have had a side to her that was a little more warm.
We had one car – an ancient station wagon. One house we lived in was close enough to where my dad worked that he could walk to work, so he often did, to save money.
HIT (High Intensity Training)!! In the programme, Dr Mosley demonstrated HIT by using an exercise bike for 1 minute, 3 times a week, for 4 weeks. This was to prove whether the scientists view that 3 minutes of exercise a week (in 1 minute bursts) for 4 weeks could bring about significant changes to your body.
· They believe they will attain perfection on earth
Athletes are not the only ones put on display during the Olympic Games. The host cities responsible for hosting the games perhaps receive more intense media attention over the course of three weeks, the duration of the games, than they would normally over a period of several months. That’s because almost the entire world is literally watching. According to Nielsen, 4.7 billion people tuned in to watch some portion of television coverage of the last Summer Olympics in Beijing.
We actually have a pretty enlightened system in our company, even though it seems to change every year. A manager will look at objective data on your job skills and work habits, then assemble a smattering of buzzwords like “teamwork” and “communication” and “doesn’t mind being touched” onto a template. These phrases are read aloud as you follow along in your copy, much like the Lutheran church services of my youth, except you don’t have to stand and be seated at random points. (Also, worshipping the almighty leader is optional). At the end, you’re given a piece of paper with the only information you really care about, your new hourly rate.
As Wikipedia warns:
Some cultures even claim that our Hollywood is so advanced that we can fake war atrocities to gather evidence for war. So, surely a fake Travolta is quite plausible. After all, there was a period of many years when he disappeared entirely from public view, and then, thanks to Quentin Tarantino, he became relevant again.
Lim had come under fire from numerous parties, who demanded that he apologise to the Sultan of Johor for his alleged statements made during a luncheon function in Singapore last month.
I explained to an advisor this morning that I was feeling depressed because I apply for jobs everyday and don’t hear anything back. She said I shouldn’t take it to heart and its not personal as hundreds of people are applying for one job. I know she’s right but its still hard not to take it to heart. She suggested if things get really bad then I should see my GP and try and get a medical certificate for depression and my disability as she could see I was struggling to walk, especially as I now have to walk around with a stick because my right hip as started to wear away now and its agony to move. I never even thought about it but she made a good point, it would give me a few weeks off to get my head together and I wouldn’t have to attend meetings for a little while. I said I’d have a think about it. But I don’t want to give up, I’m not that person anymore.
This Christmas, I went back to Cullman for the first time since the end of April, right after an F4 tornado swept away entire blocks of downtown (blog post on that here). Last time I was there, I was helping Jackie pick up the pieces of her childhood home.
Randall, D. and Wright, P. (1987) Ammonia distribution and excretion in fish Fish Physiology and Biochemistry, Volume 3, Number 3, 107-120.
It’s now two years since Vika spent her first Christmas with the Carlisle family. Tanya, now Zari, has come to fit in to the family well and is thriving in her new environment. But a year long illness has left the family with financial issues and has caused difficulty in coming up with the increased adoption fees now requested by the Ukrainian facilitator.
Now back at BeerRant headquarters, I’m trying to make sense of a plethora of pumpkin and spice beers and hoping I’ll be nimble-minded enough to keep everything straight in my head long enough to get the experience posted. My heck, beer blogging is tough.
We say it with no thought of how
and one more thing. you guys. oh my. the little sale i hosted this morning...wow. almost 20 paintings sold in 8 minutes. again, do i really live inside this life? who am i to be selling paintings at lightening speed (thank you so, so much)? i have been feeling so discombobulated lately. as this dream life unfolds, i'm realizing that the foundation has been set with a lot of hard work and now the dream is self propelling...that i don't really have control of it anymore. and i wonder if this is actually a good thing as i struggle to give way to the ride. and the ride? i have no words - it's every emotion in a span of a few days, sometimes in a 24 hour period. i am feeling things very deeply these days...both in gratitude and struggle...which can be confusing and exhausting. it's enough to make me wonder if i'm truly ok, if i deserve all of this, if i'm strong enough to navigate the waters of all of this energy coming toward me: heartfelt emails, teaching requests, writing requests, travel, speaking engagements, art requests, not to mention my dear family and friends who i worry may be feeling neglected as i figure all of this out. oh my.
Pocket publishes all sub-genres of romance. The editors spoke about some of their preferences:
Do not send your query letter as an attachment. I will discard those unread, and unacknowledged.
It was like I was a balloon, stretching and expanding as helium lifted me up and up.
I am too tired to make that paragraph readible...Also, the upload linked below is of rathere average quality (in terms of bitrate), then again I don't think bittrate makes a big difference when the original is on cassette...Either way, I'll also through a link where you can listen to the whole album without downloading (hard to tell if it actually sounds any better)
2 taught
You can’t make this stuff up. I get it and my kids get it. I’m not sure everybody would. But it did him good. I see a new chapter beginning. Thankfully I will see him again soon. I love him….so much.
I was to have been dancing today, at the Ram Inn at Firle and in the village of Alfriston. But it was not to be. Some typical Bank Holiday weather (rain and high winds) put paid to Long Man's planned programme. So, after a consolatory pint of Harveys bitter, I trundled off home to watch Midsomer Murders. And, in an idle moment, started writing a modern sea shanty. As you do.
so that’s 3 chances to win.
1/ A sitting government and the opposition supporting an illegal war with our troops coming home in body bags.
Then I hear a whistling call. It may be someone whistling for their dog. Only it sounds like it might be in the garden, or just beyond the perimeter wall.
There were kids dressed in traditional clothes with elaborate embroidery, gold details, and little red hats. And of course there were the always impressive Presidential Guards – men dressed in white uniforms with full skirts, white stalkings, and red shoes (the above photo show a detail of the shoes). These men guard the Greek Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Athens. Otherwise the guards are more ceremonial and mostly recognized for their unique uniforms that are actually based on the clothes worn by the klephts who fought the Ottoman occupation of Greece. (Klephts were people who lived in the mountains and countryside of Greece and often referred to as bandits. These people fought in the Greek War of Independence).
As with most partnerships, children bring complications as much as they bring joy. Children really test the stances you agree on and the differences between your ideas of family, care, discipline and sacrifice. They add extra work and demand extra time, all of which brings new negotiations. They compel parents to take the implicit and honestly interrogate it as gently as they can to see what’s actually there, what’s actually shared, what’s actually possible. So many things that were easy or didn’t need planning or could happen without full communication have changed, and every path is a two way street that presents choices about the direction the whole family will go. And, this is the crux of the whole thing. Either you choose a direction together or everyone eventually goes their own way.
If someone asked Andronicus and Julia in those days of cruel Saul, they would likely say: “He’s an idiot, but we are praying for him.”
1 product
Khairy was wrong when he said last year that the two journalists failed to consider “the gravity of their own actions”. Gani was wrong when he said they were “sheer “ignorant”. The reporters were right when they knew full well what they were doing and that they could do what they liked, for there would be no consequences – and the AG has confirmed it!
The Porsche Cayman R price starts at 69,830 EUR and the new model will go on sale in February 2011.
Ok Now its your turn, so drag out all your Red White and Blue goodies and come join us.. We always look forward to seeing your take on the challenges.. Thanks and Good luck from all of us here at KKKG..
Here's some easy ideas to get you started!
Drive By
MacNee
I have been highlighting on my Facebook page through out the weekend too~
I was born just after McCarthy died - perhaps worn out from brutalising America - when business men wore bowler hats, when free love was waiting in the wings and when my mother still believed she loved my father.
Yet the mission of Nu-Labour has been completed the utter modification of British society and the crushing of popular dissent, today Britain is just a shadow of what she was even thirteen years ago, vast areas have become ghettoised, vast pools of fodder, be it for big-business to exploit or for the former government to utilise to maintain office. It isn’t simply migration, our own people have altered becoming less like they once were and it is a truism to say that many have succumb to the behaviours of the savage, the criminal or simply the thug. All aspects of our daily life have changed and our very infrastructure has been eroded whilst what is left is unfit for purpose, there has been little good to come from Nu-Labour, blood has ran and the rights of the common man have been curtailed, today so cowed have the people become or driven to such apathy that the political holds little interest, permitting all manner of evils free rein.
Last week, my right ring finger started to get really dry and itchy. Then a couple days ago, the dry and itchiness started to spread to my middle right finger.
Party starts Fri night and ends Sunday 11pm pacific, so you have all weekend to join!
We'll be back in April for the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale!
One of my favourite images of our Blessed Mother is the image of "The Patron Saint of Street Children" aka Our Lady of Poverty.
-ra
2 Corinthians 5:17 , Therefore if anyone is in Christ he is a new creation the old has passed away behold the new has come.
It was kind of fun going through all the pictures I’ve collected. Many can be easily deleted, as soon as I figure out what I was thinking when I took a picture of a featureless patch of grass. Others represent fond memories of family life: a wedding picture of me and my wife, my son’s graduation from elementary school, the time our cat thought it would be fun to go for a swim in the toilet. Still others are from my business trips overseas.
This is what the plaza looks like during the day, it was completely packed during the procession and so we were all the streets where it started!
I also get to hear a lot about romance. Both the boys and the girls write poems about their current loves, lost loves, broken or disappointed loves, and hopes and dreams for love in the future. I took those two threads of starting a new life and falling in love and wove them together in WEAVING MAGIC.
Although, ultimately, chess is a game, and people should spend time doing what they find enjoyable, I’m taken aback by the cheeky conclusion to de la Maza’s original articles:
Sound pretty bad doesn't it? But check out what other climateologists have to say. I suggest you read this
Bake for 13-15 minutes or until golden. Allow to cool on the tray for a minute then move to a wire rack to cool completely.
♥ Garnier Skin Naturals Miracle Skin Perfector B.B Cream.
1957: Billy is more careful next time, grows up normal, goes to college, and becomes a successful businessman.
Hey, check it out. There's a roll of film inside. Costco develops film.
At the funeral they had balloons for all the grandkids and great-grandkids to release in the air. It was a beautiful sight to such a sad day....
We meet, occasionally: she was with me when I admired the endless fields of spring wildflowers, reveling in the blues and reds and yellows that paint the land, she was with me on calm Sundays at sea when I breathed the salt air and held tiny writing creatures in my hand, she was with me on mountain summer nights when I watched a thousand joyous fireworks light the valley below. But, every time, I go back to normal life and she doesn't. Being away from the living world is too painful for her.
Liberty DeVitto – drums
Once , this gentleman , he learned that one more Greek killed himself , he made this statement:
fresh water preset
Thank you again to all of you that played along! We saw a lot of repeaters as well as first timers and we are thrilled to have you! If you haven't already, I encourage you to take a look at all the submissions here. There is a TON of inspiration to be found! And be sure to click on each of the winners names to be taken directly to their blogs so see more detailed information and photographs of their projects!
So today, I treated myself to things I have never done before. A manicure and a pedicure. Also, I got my eyebrows professionally done (which I have never done before either… and I have always hated my eyebrows!). And let me tell you… I do not know why it took me so long to get this done! Manicures and Pedicures are absolutely amazing. My hands are SO soft, and I seriously almost fell asleep in the massage chair when the amazing girl was doing my feet. It was so relaxing… and I think what made it even more awesome was the fact that I knew I deserved it. I have lost 44 pounds (I was down another pound this morning!). 44 pounds. On my own. No magical pill. No weight watchers (not against weight watchers WHATSOEVER… I am just stating I am doing it without it). That is a pretty amazing feat. I am running. I am working out. I am eating right. And I deserve to treat myself.
71. Smoked pot? - Inhaling smoke just doesn't appeal to Asthma Girl. But I did get stoned one time at a post-theatre party in a small cottage where everyone else was smoking pot. After awhile of inhaling the secondhand smoke, I realized that fidgety me hadn't moved in a really long time. And that all the colors had gotten more brilliant. And that everything was so damn funny!!
That is really all that needs to be said.
Blessed John Henry, pray for us
Chinese Red Dates, 10 pcs
At. All.
This is a screwup of epic proportions, honestly, right up there with SOE’s screwup last year. There’s a certain level of nausea accompanying my typing the following sentence: SOE handled their situation better. They found out about the problem promptly, shut down everything, made sure things were nice and secure, and then gave a heap of compensation to everyone affected.
12His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
How To Make Clarified Butter (Ghee)
1/4 tsp. salt
Despite this anxiety that I can't quite pinpoint, I'm going to do my best to go on the road trip. It's just so, unfamiliar, I think. Something. I'll figure it out.
* compliment me to keep me happy but criticize me to keep me insecure
Sorry for the delay...again in updating
If I was acting for either RFC or Mr Whyte, my first request to the Judicial Panel would be for specification of what my client was actually charged with! The generic “bringing the game into disrepute” charge is generally clearly understood, as is the Scottish “breach of the peace” criminal charge. Usually the disrepute charge follows a specific incident or refers to specific words.
Synopsis: Dr. Eddie Jessup is doing experiments that explore our genetic memory. His theory says that supposedly we have memories of our ancestors in our DNA and that all we need to explore those memories (which can go as far back as the cavemen days!) is the help of mind altering drugs. Basically he takes a heavy dose of hallucinogenic drugs and locks himself inside of a sensory depravation chamber where his body floats on water in the dark. While in the sense depravation chamber, he tries to reconnect with his previous lives. Is Dr. Jessup simply going nuts? Is he tripping on the drugs? Or is there any validity to his research? I love this film because it gets really existential. It explores those big questions and asks even bigger ones! A film that explores such deep themes doesn’t surprise me coming from Paddy Chayevsky, one of my favorite screenwriters. Chayevsky was never afraid to ask big scary questions in his films, a true thinker!
there were
Who said food blogging didn't get you anywhere?
yesterday’s postcard poem on its way to Atlanta, Georgia
3rd Tab – ETC.
can immediately apply to our blogs?
Competitions always give you the opportunity to work with a purpose. They can become almost like creative writing exercises. You also have a deadline to write to and some specific submission criteria. This gives a framework that reflects what happens generally in the industry.
It is weird when you are injured for that long of a period of time. This is my first real “injury” ever– I might have fractured my pinky this summer which hurt for a bit but didn’t alter my daily life. I’ve broken a toe here and there and have been seriously sore and achey from trapeze but nothing lasting until this
A few fresh chives, finely diced
Councillor Coleman remains as a Cabinet member, as indeed his Tory colleague Councillor Andreas Tambourides remains a member of the Standards Committee itself, even though he was found to have breached the code as well, at a hearing last year. Both members are appealing against the decision of the committee. Whether or not they will retain their positions should their appeals fail is not known. If the leader Cornelius or indeed any other councillor has made any comment on the Coleman case, Mrs Angry has yet to see it. You might hope that some view would be expressed, perhaps.
currents of thought that filtered through the universities where he took up
Chapter 3: How To Play
Schoub BD, Johnson S, McAnerney JM, Blackburn NK, Guidozzi F, Ballot D, Rothberg A. Is antenatal screening for rubella and cytomegalovirus justified? S Afr Med J 1993; 83: 108-110.
The man in the sweatshirt slumped in to one of the seats in the front of the bus.
If the regulations have been changed to allow such discrimination, HE families are being penalised retrospectively for errors on the part of CTC staff.
Vauxhall Holiday Park, Great Yarmouth, 03.06,2012 -
For most of the 2nd-Q, we would hold a small lead while the starters rested, until about the 5½ minute mark, when Conley hit a three to give them the lead 37-36. But that wasn't all. We were scoreless for almost 6 minutes, during which Memphis scored 13 straight to change the game (44-36, Memphis). Duncan & Diaw would be the ones to bring us back, however, as some tight D and several key shots brought the half to an end - down by just 4, 49-45: a Spurs 13-1 run!
which sets us free.
Only a small problem, it was in London and we are in Manchester. Thanks to a helpful auntie, problem solved, we borrowed a car and drove to get it. I was assured by Jimi it would be worth the early start, long drive, expensive petrol and heavy traffic jams along the way!
Blendtec Blender Review (blendtecblenderreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
all alone, or just unsightly,
plus progress on Game Board Sampler. I also made a
Makes about 5 cups
To the right is an activity I like to do each year. Each child is given Fruit Loops to create a pattern of choice. They glue them on then label their pattern by color, number and letter. They always like this activity because they get to each the leftover cereal!
and I ask him questions.
moans and groans you coped admirably!
Trevor showing off the MANY presents he also received. I don’t remember racking it in on my brother’s birthday. When did this tradition start, or perhaps a better question: at what age does this stop?
The next time he came round, I invited him into my trailer for some lemonade and addressed him as follows:
Adult CPR Instructions
(Jacqueline Bouvier was descended from a cabinet maker named Michel Bouvier, who fought in Napoleon’s army and emigrated to Philadelphia during the White Terror, where he established himself by making furniture for Joseph Bonaparte, also in exile. So there is a nice connection between this letter and Jackie Bouvier’s French roots.)
surrendering to the darkest unknown.
Wild Turkey 101 Rye, 50.5% abv ($20 if you can find it).
In those wee hours, when everyone is asleep, but I have to be up to pump, I sit in the quiet and I pray.
Drew: "Well, if I ever *ACCIDENTALLY* ended up in a same-sex marriage, I sure hope that I wouldn't have to be the BRIDE!"
William Primrose, viola; Gerald Moore, piano
Many constitutional rights, such as freedom of speech, guaranteed by the first amendment, and the right to bear arms, guaranteed by the second, are threatened by this presidency. I personally value the former above the latter, but accept that to revoke either requires a change to the constitution. Could it be that the president has less respect for the constitution because he has already breached it to get where he is?
Movies, music and books
Fundamentally I do have a problem with bachelor/bachelorette parties, although it took me ages to be able to go against society and actually vocalize that. I think it’s ridiculous. “Last fling before the ring”? You are in a relationship that has most likely lasted years! Get real, you are going out to (if you are a dude) look at some women and their breasts and hope that some girl hits on you so that you can feel like a real man in front of your friends who put this idea in your head that your wedding and marriage to the woman you love will someone kill and destroy the person you truly are. If you are a woman you are operating under society’s idea that your man will never let you have fun again, so you go out to have as much fun as possible in one night.
On platform level there are about 8-10 seats before the barriers and two vending machines. There were a number of people already on the platform and a few empty seats along the sides. The cross on the diagram is where I sat to observe. I was aware that the girl sitting to my right might catch on to the fact that I was observing if I kept looking round back toward the barrier and then writing in my notebook so instead I focused on the two groups of people in front of me. There was a group of 3 girls and 2 older women, probably the girls mothers. The all had handbags but no other luggage and were waiting on the same Glasgow train as me. I thought that it was highly likely that they were going on a day long shopping trip. They bought coffee and hot chocolate from the little coffee shop and stood around in a circle drinking it. There were not enough seats for them to sit down all together and although there were 5 free seats, four of them were next to people already sitting down (myself included). When more people came through the barrier they also did not sit down. Some proceeded straight to the platform and a few stood looking at the departures board. There seemed to be a kind of rule that you cannot really sit next to another person that you don't know, this is something that I have noticed before and the seats are usually only full when the station is really busy. It would be better if there were more seats on platform level, but the problem would be finding the space to put them in. When the group of ladies had finished their hot drinks there were no bins for them to put their cups in, not even the clear plastic bags on a hoop that you sometimes see at rail stations not, so that the contents are clearly visible. There are usually no bins because of the threat of terrorist attack. This is a problem for passengers especially if they have a lot of luggage to carry as well, they do not want to hold on to an empty cup. It would be better if there was a bin specially designed for rail stations that meant that people could dump their ribbish and could also rule out the possibility that dangerous items could also be dumped.
The first time I heard Tools You Can Trust was on their first Peel session in 1983 and the song that blew me away was Working and Shopping, so different from owt else that was around then. There's not much on the web about them but I've found a bit just click on the name to see what they released. I will upload the peel sessions as I know I have 2 & 3somewhere, if anyone has 1 please pass it on as it has me fav track on it. Until then here's a later release that combines the first 3 singles hope you like it as much as I do, ps funny to see the Cresents again !!?
When the 16-year-old girl saw it, she said, "You have to eat all that?" and I said, "I GET to eat all that!" So here's what I did.....
Can you spot: * the Montreal Canadiens snowflake?
1: Well Kenya do me a favour? I’d like to get my piano re-keyed
It's not so far from you
I sentenced myself to death last dawn
I have a friend who has worked at Oxfam for many years. So I’m not unsympathetic to disaster-hit countries. She was recently in a country even I had barely heard of.
TRADE
Then you are forced to keep constantly being on terrible “reality television” programs.
The gigantic biotech corporation Monsanto is threatening to destroy the agricultural biodiversity which has served mankind for thousands of years. The endless list of genetically modified seeds sold and controlled by Monsanto are putting at enormous risk age-old agricultural patterns under the presumptuous slogan of aiming at solving the huge problem of hunger in the world.
Ensamble the cake:
The beers are (from left to right)...
I added an ambidextrous safety to it. Just a no name brand. But it fits well and operates like it should.
We appreciate your understanding and loyalty. We look forward to your continued business now and into the future.
Useful tips:
Surely I’m not the only person who has noticed this. If you’ve never been privy to this phenomenon, stand near any group of old women and listen intently. Sure enough, you’ll hear them talking about their various afflictions, comparing diseases like football sticker swapsies. Keep listening at this point, because it is guaranteed to turn into a bragging match over who is the most poorly.
I’d had a pretty terrible cough for quite a while and, like too many men, I pretty much ignored it the best I could. It was just a cough. It was just annoying. I was very wrong.
I cannot reverse the damage that was done to her in China. I cannot blame her birth mother, the malnutrition, the neglect in the orphanage, the lead and salmonella poisoning she suffered there. Whatever the reasons, despite it all, Kerri is here today, as healthy as possible, and bringing joy to our lives. So I will put a smile on my face even though I feel like crying, and will brush myself off and gain perspective again. And be grateful for what we do have, and all that we can still achieve.
That's about it.
We, er Santa, came through. Thanks to a wonderful online toy store and their super low Melissa & Doug prices and fast shipping (we got our order the next day!), Anna had a very happy Christmas. I got her other odds and ends things (crayons, markers, stickers – stuff like that) and made sure to wrap everything just to make it more fun for her to open it all up.
“We should never be afraid of a conversation”.
Gourmet Home. What exactly does this
thrown up, and it was quite incongruous, me turning up at the
"Assume positive intent." That could mean a number of different things to different people, but again for me it's just not that complex - when you see people do things that seem strange to you, when your partner sounds stressed and snaps at you, when your children are asking a thousand questions - can you find the calmness to remove yourself from the moment, focus on the most charitable explanation for their behavior, and assume that they are intending to be positive?
My first success is Mike Napoli. I tried to get him last year via the Texas Rangers, but got my card back and a pre-printed card. I decided to take a second chance at getting him through Spring Training, hoping that they wouldn't have the pre-printed cards there or made-up yet for the year. And, I was successful!
Check out the band here too.
If you've been thinking about heading out to Normandy to visit the American cemetery near the landing beaches, by all means do so. It's an incredibly moving experience that you really shouldn't miss. On the other hand, if time is in short supply, you can always get off the Transilien commuter train or the line 2 tramway in Suresnes just south of La Defense and head up the hill a short distance to the Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial. In stark contrast to French cemeteries which, in my experience are pretty much solid stone, this resting ground is resolutely American: lush green lawns with crisp white markers. In fact, if anything, the white Greek temple like chapel on the top of the hill reminded me of the Custis-Lee Mansion that overlooks Arlington National Cemetery just across the river from Washington, DC. And when you look down from the hill in Suresnes, you don't see the Lincoln Memorial but there is an impressive view of the Seine and the city of Paris before you.
But my real gaming started at Aero Hobbies. For my first year or so gaming there it was mostly kids my age I think, plus a couple of much older former leftover wargamer beardo’s who probably should not have been around kids.
Cast : Srikanth, Vimala Raman, Ramya Krishnan
Comments over at Statter 911 run the gamut, with some folks lambasting the pair for not being in their PPE and others praising their actions. After viewing the video, I would have to say that the risks they took were not extreme and, under the circumstances, probably appropriate.
BCM uses a “transmedia” approach where we produce news in a variety of forms:
"No. I'm not. I want them to pay and I want you to help me do it."
I listened to my high school friends. I read their stories and poetry. I played their games. I entered their lives and watched how they engaged with people. I took note of what was important to them. I listened not only to their words but to their lives.
6. Basic Rocket Science: The episodes that wound up in my top 5 are in there because of deep emotional resonance and meaning, but “Basic Rocket Science” might actually be my choice for the single funniest episode of the season. A space movie parody laden with Kentucky Fried Chicken references and a butt flag? Sign me up.
Mountain Goats) classical piano player John Orfe (from Alarm Will
For some variation, you could add 2 cloves chopped garlic to this, ½ cup grated cheese (Parmesan would be my pick, included in the layers), or 1/4 cup milk to boost the creaminess. You could also drizzle with melted butter instead of olive oil for a deeper flavor.
That’s why I’ve written this book. I am on a journey. But I am convinced it is not just a journey for pastors. I am convinced these questions are critical for the larger community of faith in our country today. I am convinced that we as Christ followers in American churches have embraced values and ideas that are not only unbiblical, but that actually contradict the gospel we claim to believe. And I am convinced we have a choice.
“I think it’s more likely to be resolved than to turn into a political football, but you never can predict this stuff,” said Lieberthal, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Being a complete neophyte to the genre, I am loathe to rate this novel, whether for its entertainment or literary value, believing that what I have written above must suffice for my response to this high quality work; however, it I were given no choice other than to summarize my response in a number or to take a bullet in the head—my ignorance be dammed—I surely would give this novel four stars (out of a possible five).
I then made toppers for a little box I'd painted using the same powders and techniques.
Bye.
Everyone must have thought this was the fountain of youth because most of us there had more wrinkles in ourselves than our jeans. After sass-shaying around the grounds and in and out of the “fountain” part of the party, I did feel a little better. See there? I told you. It was hot so I go me another bottle of youth and plopped down in an empty chair and just stared at all the people. Everyone seemed to feel younger than their gray hair indicated. I did. How come that is, reckon?
Coffee was good, but perhaps more enticing was the selection of cakes on display. All the usual favourites, plus a Bara Brith, showing we were getting closer to Wales than we had so far on our travels around the Cathedral towns. We opted for an Orange Sponge to go with the cappuccino and this set us off nicely for the day…
An hour or so later, we returned and saw him at the checkout counter. The clerk was ringing up the last of a pile of tools and supplies that would fill two wheelbarrows.
Thanks for reading, by Kian Fai.
I have an IFB in my ear- which is basically a little ear piece that allows me to hear the anchor and the producers.
See ya for now!
Red Dirt Girl goes all googly eyed over footwearhttp://throughthegate09.blogspot.com/2012/02/frivolous-friday.html. This week's exciting footwear is on her blog.... Shiny red welly-boots. Very shiny. Too shiny to wear in the steamy southern rain.
My fiancé and I just took our first trip together and it was awful. We’re supposed to get married in June, but after the drama that happened on spring break, I’m rethinking this engagement. He refused to take part in anything I wanted to do. We couldn’t agree on places to eat, what car to rent, what trail to hike. Nothing. I’m still just defeated and I’m not really sure where to go from here. I guess we should have traveled together before he put a ring on my finger. What do you think, Kellie?
You start off by baking a yellow cake according to the package directions in a 9x13 baking pan.
BF: Those countries are Italy, France, England, Germany and the United States.
I am pleased to report that London has very lax public urination laws. Or it could simply be the case that the Bobby on patrol that evening was being lenient.
This terminology is foreign in the Old Testament for not until the writings of Paul do we have the word, “third heaven” or in the original language of Greek EPOURANIOS, which is literally translated, “High Heaven.” Of course that would be so, for all that was revealed to the prophets, and concerned the earth and the prophesied earthly kingdom.
Today is another crafting kind of day. I found myself working on perfecting the cutting file for that "floating frame" It's almost there. I usually always cut practice/ prototype files. I think after the next cut everything will fall into place.
“The discovery that one is really the source of thinkingness reveals that one is not really the victim of the mind, but rather the originator of the phenomenon by virtue of intention and desire.” -Scott Jeffrey, Dissolving the Ego
—Beware of Boys by Tony Blundell—a wolf thinks he's pretty clever to have caught a boy in the forest, but pretty soon the kid has the wolf running himself ragged fetching ingredients for various boy-based recipes. A funny, off-the-wall book and one of my personal favorites.
3.) Allow for late registration of persons who never made it into the birth registry books. Allow for a range of evidence to prove the fact of birth, including use of witnesses and/ or DNA tests.
My emotions were all over the place for the rest of the day. When I went home and seriously thought of this, and talked with Betty it became clear to me that for whatever reason, this was not without a reason! God was at work. No doubt about it. You either believe that HE has control or not, I choose to believe that he is in control and that ALL things that he does work together for my Good, because I DO love him (Romans 8:28) This is a trial, it is something that he has allowed to come into my life and every trial is an opportunity to be a STEWARD of that trial. My thoughts turned to my friend Rafe Refior who is a deacon at our church, Rafe fell from a stepladder in July of 2008 and severely broke both of his legs in a way that was truly horrible and painful, to this day he is still undergoing surgeries to correct the damage, and even subsequent surgeries to fix the infection caused by previous surgeries. Thru all of this Rafe has been an amazing example to me of how a Christian can handle trials. I’ve heard many people say that God is in control all the time only to not actually perform as if this is true when life is hard for them – Rafe didn’t do that – I’ve never heard him talk about how bad this was, I’ve heard him talk about how it was a BLESSING, how he grew closer to his wife than he ever thought possible just by the fact that his legs were broken and his care was her primary concern. Rafe had been a shining example to me of how a trial could be handled, and I decided right there in my recliner that I was going to be a good steward of the trial that God had allowed to come into my life. I can’t even begin to describe to you the peace that came over me, it was tangible.. I’m not kidding.. I seriously felt right then and there as if I had the empowerment of the Holy Spirit just holding me up. As I write this I am recalling this experience and it literally brings tears to my eyes and makes my chest feel funny.. I really wish my chest wouldn’t feel funny. I won’t say that I never had another fear because that would be a lie, but I will say that remembering that this was a stewardship opportunity for me had a calming effect.
But every time I opened my eyes
Then, I cut a heart out of a pink index card.
Friends, today I want to talk about online resources for men's shirting.
But some have noted that the higher ‘interest rate’ is to compensate buyers for leaving repayment of the principal at the issuer’s discretion.
Granted, Saddam wasn’t exactly a sweetheart, and he managed to kill about 1 million of his own people in the span of 24 years. Yet was there no way of removing him from power – or having him removed – that didn’t entail horrifying casualties, the complete disruption of life in Baghdad, and the looting of a Museum which contained some of mankind’s most precious artifacts?
Never really into sports, not overly graceful (understatement of the year), and more likely to be found reading a book than working out.
Perez and co-organizer Susie Carrillo were nervous initially, having spent months planning the event. But once the drumbeats and dancing began and their cadence absorbed the atmosphere, the organizers were at once relieved and pleased with the tenor of things.
A couple of those older boys sure look like their uniforms might be gray.
Level 9: Ignores 36% of monster’s DEF.
So, thanks, Ann, for helping me decide to move here (which was apparently a good move, 'cos I'm really happy, gun nuts and fundamentalists notwithstanding), and thanks for helping women in this state and everywhere know that the glass ceiling was made to be broken.
Boston Beer's representatives didn't know there was a real Sam Adams running for mayor when the letter was sent, and has previously run "Sam Adams for President" marketing campaigns.
Baby corn, broken into thirds
Yams are tubers of a tropical vine called Dioscorea batatas and are not even related to the sweet potato. Depending on the variety, yams have brown or black skin with off-white, purple or red flesh. They are more easily found in international than American markets. Yams are actually sweeter than sweet potatoes as they have more natural sugar. However, sweet potatoes are more nutritious and are loaded with calcium, potassium, and vitamins A and C.
“The conditions of war generates different dynamics, which we can still see today in Afghanistan and Iraq where there are many vendetta killings and economic killings done under falsified circumstances.”
Hill Crest Cemetery has long been known as Little Arlington to the locals. All but two of the twelve Generals from Holly Springs, who marched away to war in 1861, are laid to rest here.
Some of this is unavoidable: Presidential administrations tend to suck up a political party’s best talent. The Obama White House, for instance, is full of Clinton veterans. But in the Obama White House, the Clinton veterans haven’t really acted like Clinton veterans.
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
First, preheat the oven to 350F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. With an electric mixer, make the cookie dough by beating the butter, brown & granulated sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla until it is well blended and light. If using a mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl periodically.
I made my name cards mainly because when I ask for a permission to take photos inside of a restaurant, store or wherever I’m interested in featuring on my blog, I would like to give out my card to show the address of my blog where the photos will be published. You also never know who will be your new reader, right?
The aroma from the oven was so fresh and light; I couldn’t wait to eat!
Paper: Cherry Cobbler textured, Whisper White, Soft Suede, Deck the Halls DSP
Of course the best way is to change 4 tyres at once, but a tyre cost RM150-200; it wont be easy for working class to poke out big lump sum money to replace 4 tyres at once.
My body. My choice. Not yours on either count. If you don’t like that I’m not into anal then get the fuck outta my bed. Don’t you dare try to guilt me into it, don’t you dare try to take it. I know what I like and anal just isn’t it. Sex isn’t all or nothing. Just because I let you have sex with me in one hole doesn’t open your options up to all the others. Even if I let you finger me it doesn’t give you the right to stick anything else into any part of me.
He heals your diseases—every one.
“You’re getting old, and I’m feeling younger than ever.”
Dancing Time: The Best of Eastern Nigeria’s Afro Rock Exponents 1973-77 by Nigeria’s The Funkees, is the latest compilation from the prestigious Soundway Records and comes in the name of resurfacing some very vital dance floor thunder in Nigeria’s musical legacy. Lyrically the album touches on many topics and always leaves the audience ready to move in the name of music. James Brown to Fela Kuti and Funkadelic to MonoMono, The Funkee’s recorded the heaviest, dustiest, analog driven afro funk ever. The arrival of a compilation giving a perspective never before on their rich legacy in the 70′s has been long in the making with the groups works finding release on other various artist comps Soundway has put out. The region of Nigeria had been morphing sound into a very special path during the 60′s and 70′s, giving the spiritual language of the land and ancestry full display inside of the heavy rhythms, cosmic funk organ and sweltering bass anthems that make Dancing Time as much of a psychedelic rock compilation as it is a perspective into the afro beat movement. Slick and very tight guitar that is drenched in effects that would fit perfectly on any Funkadelic album, it’s hard to believe this group was able to pull off their own compositions with the same spirit and intensity as the best funk artist from the west. The bands positive aura shines on every song as every musician brings the highest sense of musicality into the collection of singles, album song selections and more. The simplicity in groove is laid out in each piece, but the polyrhythms, tight transitional sections and vast amount of layers make it a highly complex album that pushes into all of the areas of music we really love about this time of music. Inventive would be an understatement when you hear how raw and robust the songs are on Dancing Time: The Best of Eastern Nigeria’s Afro Rock Exponents 1973-77.
After getting in trouble for doing a survey about suicide, Lucky tells us:
They say don’t fix what isn’t broken and nothing is more true. But to be honest, we were trying to enhance it, not fix it. In future, we will think twice before spending large amounts of money on something that sounds too good to be true.
The protesters tented village butts right up to the steps. It looks very medieval, haggered canvas against the brilliant white stone.
Footprints, footprints in the sands;
It's been a while since I've read DB, but the story is still pretty fresh in my mind. (I can't say this for all books I read!) I really loved how important a role her family played into the story. Especially the ending. It wasn't the ending I'd expected it to have. Was it always planned to end that way, or did it surprise you?
Nico Muhly — The Holly and the Ivy
4) The fan fests on the platz in Nuremberg. Mexico and Portugal fans were cheering away. Mexico missed the penalty kick. Mexicans start singing "Ay Yi Yi Yi Yi...".
Also I was intrigued by a number of non food products. Natural sponges and olive oil based skin products. Olive soap, but also face moisturisers, toners, cleansers, shampoos and even sun tan lotion. We opted for this natural sun screen (of course not totally chemical free) and it was superb.
Tonight toward the end of putting Rowan to bed, as thought sought after thought, I worried: Everything I can do for this little boy has to do with modeling. Somehow the better human being I am, the better being he'll become. Model good eating and outdoor habits, calm, attention. Oh no, but today I didn't model anything crafty. I didn't write in my journal (which I have never ever managed to consistently do anyway).
In a recent meeting with City Press editors, Malema “banned” Rampedi from all youth league ­activities after he’d reported on Malema’s business interests.
I bought this K & Company rub-on set at Michael's for $3 on sale a few weeks ago and thought I'd use 'em for something a bit different. I think I just got myself a new favorite bracelet!
Remember, life is not about how much time we have to live but how we lived with the time we had.
Second, I just want to thank you ALL for participating! We have many new followers and friends on Facebook!! Let me welcome you all and say your presence here is deeply appreciated!
The temple shown here is dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu. Both are Hindu deities, yet this temple, Thommanon, is in Cambodia and it was built at the end of the 11th century. The temple is one of a pair that lie within the great Khmer complex of Angkor Wat. I spent nearly a week exploring this region. It was a magical experience.
Recently, we looked at David Fulmer and the innovative Five Stones Press. Fulmer spent many years with a mainstream publisher before finding himself out of favour and searching for a way to publish his latest novel, The Fall. In a retracting publishing climate, authors are finding it increasing difficult to gain publication—even within the mainstream industry—so much so, we are seeing a growing trend of authors looking to alternative paths outside of the recognised traditional publishing machine.
a) The rights of Madeleine (the third Applicant) to her moral and physical integrity and to a fair and adequate investigation into her disappearance, in the future;
Thanks to the inept leadership of former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and former defense minister Amir Peretz, neither of whom had ever held military command, the IDF was thrown haphazardly into Lebanon against Hezbollah in 2006 without adequate planning or logistics and initially suffered heavy casualties, with the unprepared IDF being surprised by Hezbollah's tactics and their level of training. Northern Israel also sustained heavy damage and civilian casualties from Hezbollah's missiles. However, once a coordinated ground assault began, Israeli forces ultimately macerated whole units of Hezbollah's ground forces, and destroyed most of Hezbollah's missile arsenal.
I feel like I woke up with a cork on my head instead of a head. My face is so swollen, I look like the Beast from Beauty and the Beast. The underneath of my eyes is actually making contact with the frames of my glasses. Allergy season has come. I can’t gripe about this too much because I find that I am not afflicted with this at all when I choose to eat clean. I just have not been choosing to eat clean of late. I need to get on a better diet.
One witness, Uddha Bahadur Gurung, described how the river suddenly turned into a lethal surge.
Given it was a holiday weekend, we knew we'd there would be a good wait. We waited about 45 mins and it went by rather quickly, with lots of sunshine, self-serve coffee & my niece to keep us on our toes.
I always amaze myself when I head to a dollar store and find something like this!
of a nation’s cries
First of all... it's a monday which means it's also a Digi Makeover Challenge day! We DO have a challenge for you and there WILL be a prize! So stay tuned in this post for more of those details.
As a society, planet and species, we’ve pulled The Tower Card (and as I type this, my word count says 911). What in the world do we intend to do with it? Tower; 9/11; 911; Emergency? Emergence, see? The old, limited paradigms have kept humanity locked in a Tower, ungrounded from the Earth’s pure energies and fearful of falling to sudden doom. But what if The Tower was a prison, rather than an achievement? What if the falling is actually more like flying? What if all the old turns upside down and gets bonked on the head, not to destroy it, but rather to rewire it — and us? We live in a far vaster Universe than the typical human experience allows into awareness. No need to fall. Let’s fly, my friends!
Read on if you like for a bit more about me currently, and about Koshenya Says representation in Broa!
Talking vs. Listening:
Its too rat's tail-y! So theres virtually nothing to loosen, so at the roots you're left with a nice wave, but at the ends theres hardly any wave at all and it doesn't look much different from the above picture.. no, not nice is it!
Bottom line: Sherlock is good. Enola is better. Girl power to the rescue!
Even if these kids walk out of a party, the question must be asked.
I hope you will like this one as much as I do. Here it is:
*** HOLE CARDS ***
Easy Star All Stars, Toubab Krewe, VibeSquaD, Break Science, Gift of Gab, ZOOGMA, Starkey
applications, documentation, site plans, maps, and estimates are included the enclosed
♥ OPI Nicki Minaj Nail Polish in Pink Friday.
I’m just too preoccupied to allow my outside to reflect my inside so that nonbelievers recognize that I rejoice because of the hope that is within me. My joy is obscured by the mounds of clutter. Gratefulness is sucked out of my soul by the vacuum called urgency.
#4 Are you confused as to what lies ahead of you?
Carolyn, I will be shipping him out Saturday morning, please email me your mailing address, jenn_martino@yahoo.com!
Another thing I wanted to say is that I’m so happy with the support from the friends I told about my secret, although I still haven;t had the guts to show my fiancée (I’m working on it though), but she’s still supporting me. Anyway, in a couple of weeks my parents are going holiday, and with my brothers gone I’ll be free to be Mel nearly all day every day (I’ve managed to get that week off work) and I’m planning a girly night in with those aforementioned friends, who’ve agreed to show me how to do makeup and such. Depending on how brave I’m feeling, we might even venture into town, that’s a BIG if though.
But do you know what is more interesting than thinking?
I wasn't able to find any history on the next tourist destination, but the cover lists the location as "The Sky Club and Cocktail Lounge" at 36th Avenue and Tamiami in Miami, Florida (Tamiami Managment Group on 36th Avenue in Miami was the closest I could get, but I don't think they bear any relation to one another). Remember the little "fightin' Irish" boy from a few Fridays ago? I'm pretty sure this is his son, of whom I have another dozen photos from WWII and the forties', wearing a killer art deco tie and with a pretty, bright eyed woman in a great dress. See the two tone yoke? The oversized collar? The slightly belled sleeves? You know this number was a knockout in real life, if we could only see the colors and the handbag that went with it.
I wonder if the level 90 requirement will make it to Live or not.
Molluscs have an outer layer of tissue, or skin, called ‘mantle’. In many species, the mantle secretes calcium carbonate (CaCO3) to produce the hard outer shell, like the ones we tend to imagine. When any minute particle such as a grain of sand or even a tiny fish gets lodged in the mantle, it secretes a special substance known as ‘nacre’, to encapsulate the irritant and protect itself.
I would love to hear from anyone who has moved across the country or a long distance, please feel free to provide me with any tips or tricks that you have learned along the way. I have lived in Northern California my whole life and have moved only short distances before, this will be my first long distance move. We will also be driving the 2,700 miles across country with our two Cocker Spaniels, so if you have any traveling tips please let me know.
The image above is an aerial photograph of an auto salvage location in Ayer Massacusetts. Annually over 10 million automobiles are recycled in the USA alone, making cars the number one recycled product in this fair land.
Jaleel & Kym – 8
Vampires Suck is the story of an emo girl, Becca Crane (Jenn Proske), and her love affair with the vampire, Edward Sullen (Matt Lanter – Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Disaster Movie). In Twilight, the obvious battle is whether Bella will choose the vampire Edward or the werewolf Jacob as her lover; that is not really a dilemma in Vampires Suck, which leaves me scratching my head. How does a Twilight parody leave out that the Bella character is torn between two lovers? In Vampires Suck, Becca presumably has a relationship with Edward Sullen, though this is never actually shown, and instead, is implied. Edward decides to leave Becca for her own safety, but when he fears she might be dead, he decides to expose himself as a vampire, which will get him killed by the elder vampires. Again, anyone who hasn’t seen Twilight will find it near impossible to follow this plot.
Each one has a button hole so that it can be hung from any hook and with a variety of embellished flower decorations on the front.
“How far out do you suppose it was?” He leaned forward and scrunched up his eyes. Seeing through the smoke and dust was impossible.
Over time subjects are revised, terminology changes, and it is easy to become confused if things don’t seem to be the same as they were when you were at school. Sometimes parents can feel inadequate when trying to help their children with their school work, but this App will help parents to feel more confident. As a former teacher myself, I appreciate having the reference material in such a convenient tool. Older students might also find the App handy as a reference tool. It is a must have for every parent, teacher or student iPad.
The lovely people from George at Asda has invited selected bloggers, including myself, to pick from a selection of party dresses from their range currently available and I decided to go for the G21 bird print dress, which is a bargainous £14.
She raised her hand but the man caught her wrist.
Drinking and driving may be a French national sport, but E doesn't engage in it, which is good: someone has to be sober on these little back roads. Still, one day as we tootled along, I couldn't resist asking him to pull in to one winery, which is one of my very favorites around here, so I could take a nice clichéd photo:
And in the category of "maybe, possibly, someday traditions", we have Spain:
I feel like I am being underpaid and need some opinions. I work for a family in NYC. At around 5pm I pick up a 3 year old boy from his daycare. I then take him to the park for about 20 mins of playtime. After that we take the train about 10 mins to his home where I then microwave his dinner and feed it to him. After his dinner, I give him a bath and then clip his nails. His parents reach home about about 7:15 pm and then I leave. They pay me $20 per day and do not reimburse me for train fare to bring their child home and on some pay days they claim they forgot to go to the atm so I have to wait for the next day to be paid. One week they completely forgot to pay me. Please give me your opinion.
Gradually beat in:
Pizza (smoked mozz' wit' or wit'out pepperoni)
She said that the TV version of Barack Obama sounded really interesting and that she'd like to meet him sometime.
To get up close and personal with Taiwo's craftsmanship and talent she will be featured at the 2nd annual Collectively Eclectic Legacies Show February 13, 2009 at MacEwan Hall.
He began losing his power over his men, and became desperate to prove himself. He led those still following him on another raid and massacre on September 27, 1864, in Centralia, Missouri. They raided and burned homes; found 23 unarmed Union soldiers and made them strip down, shooting all but one; they then sent a train on its way with zero people on it, so that it would eventually go out of control and crash.
Some of us learn to read quite easily, while others – more than you might think – have to overlearn every little thing to reach that magical mastery called automaticity. Automaticity: where there is no gap between the seeing/recognizing/processing/understanding/doing.
Caitin at All About Growing Up and Becoming a Famous Author tagged me in this meme, which I've been following around bloggerland and really enjoying. I love the title of Caitin's blog - it reminds me of all the dreams I had as a child.
He told me that I'd left some boxes at my old house (his new girlfriend's house, remember) when I moved out, and that he'd brought them with him because he figured he'd see my brother. I told him, let's go get them because I wanted that to be the end of it... closure. We walked to his truck then to my car to put the stuff away, then he walked back over to where my brother and Steph were sitting. And that's when the best thing I've ever seen happened.
Commercial cultured buttermilk: Commercial buttermilks are cultured milk, as above, made from pastuerized and homogenized milk. Typically, in the US, 1 1/2% milk is used. Often, there are thickeners such as carregeenan. It does have live cultures, and is acidic. Commercial buttermilks contain probiotics, and are low fat. Sometimes, when substituting homemade cultured buttermilk for commercial buttermilk in gluten-free baking recipes, I find it helpful to add a 1/2-1 teaspoon of ground flax to compensate for the thickeners in commercial buttermilk.
First of all I appauld you for even attempting the walking for 2 hours........My question is are you going to attempt this again? - plainprecious
FACT: If spanking worked, it would have eliminated itself a long time ago. Everyone who was spanked for hitting someone else would have grown up to know that hitting another person is wrong. Then there wouldn't be any more spanking.
1) It's concert week, which means everything that can go wrong must go wrong. Including the fact that I am now on steroids (more on that in Random Thought #2) and my car is dead. I am hoping the battery just needs to be jumped back to life. Otherwise, I'm pretty screwed.
Many have said Karna was wrong in calling Draupadi a whore while she was being stripped by Durshasan. He said that saying that a women having more than one husband is a whore (as Draupadi had five Pandavas to be called as Husbands).
Hope everyone enjoys checking out this set because there's much more to come!
Next, BBQ shrimp. No photo cuz we both ate it too quickly. Did I mention that it was wrapped in bacon? Double yum.
These ribs are those kinds of ribs.
2 pieces 2½"x2½ CS scored at ½ all the way around. Cut up and adhere to form base and top.
When you find yourself in the middle of one of lifes many storms, who do you want in the boat with you?? You want the people that have your back..always. You need a person who will smack you around when you screw up as well as smack around other people when they try and take you down.
300 ***8. “Law and Morality, By Way of Delphi.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, October 22, 1998, p. 7, October 29, 1998, p. 5, November 5, 1998, p. 8. (Source: Item D-X/28/1982, below.) See Item C-1997(5), above. (Incorporated, in large part, in Item B-7, above, pp. 93-107 (1997).)
Here are a couple of pictures – the first time I’ve ever cooked for 16 people, this may not seem like a feat to many, but to me- this was fun but very tiring! There was way more food, including Veggie starters and mains – I just forgot to take pictures!
(Shin ning KWAH luh)
Even at the age of ten I knew that Nutella was not a healthy food. It was delicious, creamy, rich and eaten on special occasions. That's not to say I don't eat it - I do. But in moderation and as a treat. Like spread on warm, just from the oven croissants after a long run....
Because what I need to be doing right now, in addition to regular work and trying to get my short film off the ground – and I cannot describe to you how many quarts of blood sweat and tears are going into that – is to convince a publisher to display my weakest writing for the whole world, if not to see, to have the possibility of seeing.
I apologize.
"IN SHOCK"
I would encourage you to Dr. Al Mohler’s blog post below when you have a minute. His perspective on the subject of marriage and “same-sex” unions is impeccable.
Here's my example-I worked with the new MME Miss Caroline Dilly Dally and I mixed it with some Stella & Rose, Lost and Penny Lane lines.
to the Prisoners they would insist
-medicines(especially strong pain medicines, such as narcotics, antidepressants or iron pills)
Right annual-ish update. Been thinking of doing one for some time now. It pops into my head every now and then while I'm working out.
Schrader SM. Reproductive Toxicology of Male Workers. Presented at "Environmental Health Seminars" University of Cincinnati, Kettering Laboratory. Cincinnati, Ohio. September 30, 1992.
Share seven random and/or weird things (you can decide if they're wierd) about yourself. Tag seven people at the end of your post and include links to their blogs. Let each person know they have been tagged by leaving a comment on their blog.
The enormous Sudcrawler lumbers off toward the
- A signed paperback copy of Pieces of Us
the URL for purchasing direct: also, we will have links to where All's Fair in War can be purchased via iTunes, Amazon Mp3, Zune, Rhapsody, Nokia, and eMusic starting next week (or I should say, when it's up on
Have you Butterflies heard of The Real Real? - it's an on-line high end designer consignment shop - holla! - i know i love getting a bargain and i'm pretty sure you Butterflies do too - why not get a used bag in excellent condition for a fraction of the price? - oh and it's guaranteed authentic too, i wouldn't buy anything but! - or get a pair of Loubs that were worn once for $300?! - i say COUNT ME IN! - they have designers from YSL to Gucci to Louis Vuitton to Preen to Elizabeth and James to .. well you get the point ..
But He died alone for you and me.
They pointed out that no area of the Federal Constitution expressly grants to Bumiputeras AP licensing rights, and that such claims were a “complete stretch of the imagination.”
Several sites are reporting that Simon has said it’s his best work in 20 years, which would be back in the Rhythm of the Saints era (and would slight only You’re The One and Surprise, and possibly Capeman, depending on what he counts). It also supposedly has a bluegrass influence; though apparently refers to Quicksilver playing on two tracks, not necessarily the entire album; a mix of styles and influences would be typical of a Paul Simon album, and would indeed hearken back to the Graceland/Rhythm era. (Regardless of what the final version sounds like, the current Spanish version of Amulet is another indicator of that sort of direction, as is, of course, the funky feel of the first single.)
Hampshire and take South Carolina and
9/14: Boston, MA @ Paradise Rock Club *
This kit is filled to the brim with papers and a variety of embellishments for scrapbook layouts, but also for cards and December Daily pages (if you're completing one this year).
PARASITIC WASP AND HUMPBACKED FLY
French Dip sandwiches, french fries, mixed fruit
This recipe is one I've done, in some form or another, for some time. It's a standard English best bitter. I tweak the hops here and there to try and obtain the beer I've planned in my head - I've not always succeeded, but it's always been a pleasure to drink, and I'm hoping this batch will be no different.
“I’ve been one poor correspondent, and I’ve been too, too hard to find, but it doesn’t mean you ain’t been on my mind.”
But yesterday I went from university a llittle earlier, popped at Lot333 and took new set of photos of those fabulously decadent bags from MAHIOUT. The rest of the afternoon I spent at secondLove with Lisa chittchating.
I still remembered how I felt the first time I read that post--I have never felt more affected and more emotionally engaged by a single post before. Perhaps it was because I, too, am a mother to a daughter only a few years older than Abbey. But I'm quite sure it was Angela's words--every single one of them mirroring my own feelings for my daughter--written so beautifully, that drew me in. Words I've been wishing to tell my daughter but had never been able to (and probably never could) express so eloquently.
Mommy
So my headache isn't gone. In fact, it's still pretty bad from yesterday's incident. But I think we FINALLY have an answer. I just need to get more diligent in my label-reading and while eating or drinking out. I now have a cheat sheet in my phone of 21 different artificial sweeteners since I'm trying to avoid them all....even "natural" things like Stevia. It's not easy though. They seem to be hidden just about everywhere. But, with luck, this is it.
Narrator No Bill, I can’t see the gardener anywhere. It’s safe to come out.
CDs
1) Fayes labour was a lot shorter.
Probably modernity established by Louis 14th, and then the one established by Napoleon 1st. He changed a lot of things. France was also the country where we created the copyrights. And our Revolution inspired a lot of countries...
And having just read this back I realise that while Janie wanted a post about intimacy I have in fact just written a post about sex.
Damn.
gloom of the grave:
Fire of this world – physical, raw, consuming – and fire eternal, as well.
1 betwee
A few rashers of pancetta, sliced
So, how is the wealth transfer working out so far in Spain? Judge for yourself with the examples below. While far from comprehensive, and nowhere close to the raw misery brought upon countries like Greece (yet), it paints a portrait of the times far more real than abstract macroeconomics. This is austerity phase one warming engines; check it out, it may even seem familiar…
You get the idea anyway. And if you’re not local to the race. Think about the kind of terrain you’ll be running on and the hills. Where do the hills come in the race – at the start, middle or end? Incorporate hills at the same points as you’ll get them in your event.
And then one day, perhaps as we were making our way to be crowned Prom King and Queen, Naomi and I would encounter Chuck Logan. Chuck had been captain of the soccer team and an A grade student before my glorious arrival. Now he was a high school dropout slinging crystal meth for a living. "Oh look, it's the Irish fag and his fag-hag" he'd sneer to his crackhead buddies, who definitely carried an air of menace. And I, I'd whip a can of Lynx Africa out of the back pocket of my Ralph Lauren suit trousers, and spray it against the flame from my lighter to form a blowtorch to scorch the skin off Chuck Logan's face. As he lay writhing acridly on the ground I'd douse the rest of his body in Lynx Africa and then take the cigarette out of my mouth and say "No, this is a fag, ya fuckin' eejit!" as I calmly flicked it onto him and watched him burn. Then I'd force-feed his charred remains to Shelley Aryanski for being a meddling bitch.
These spicy little cupcakes are delicious and perfect for the holidays. In a rush? Cheat by using store bought whipped chocolate frosting. I won't tell.
As u see, it says in Swedish that Whitney´s Dotter Marries her Brother !!!
“Ray.” Sounds like Dad. “Ray, you keep away from those layabouts, understand.”
“And what did you dream of?” asked Joseph of the baker.
My lunch -
Whatever the result of the Scottish Independence referendum it will affect Wales for better or worse. Whether it is for better or for worse will depend on how Welsh politicians prepare for the result and that preparation should be made now by nationalists and unionists alike.
I think abusive relationships are really hard to write about because it's easy to get preachy or to go for the shock factor. Though Trip was incredibly abusive, I felt the author did a tremendous job of broaching the subject. We get snatches of Trip and Allie's relationship during the good times mixed in with the bad. As Allie fights to remember the night of the accident, she uncovers more details of abuse and a disturbing pattern of Trip's behavior that forces the reader to understand why she is so timid. Wrapping those good and bad relationship scenes in with the narration of the current time worked to move the pace forward and build anticipation as to what actually happened on the night of Trip's death. Since Allie truly doesn't remember it turns the book into a mystery about halfway through. Allie even questions herself as a suspect.
I was really hoping for a shot of the Milky Way, but from what I have read this is really difficult and requires a lot of editing in photoshop, but I will be going back up there in the summer to try again so who knows.
Have a great Mothers Day.
-He easily climbs the 2 flights of stairs and can get up there in no time flat
It's Saturday, and I could be sleeping in, and can't sleep. Oh well. Will catch up with that in a little bit.
They’re in the fields. They’re in the houses. They’re in the streets. They’re in the temples. They’re in the rivers, the garbage heaps, the schools, and the restaurants.
Sorry for the rather poor scans - either that or even worse photographs!
This usually entailed at least a 5-10 hour drive.
Tarot consultations are $50 for 30 minutes (otherwise $60), $80 for 45 minutes (otherwise $100) and $100 for 60 minutes (otherwise $120).
6 biological
to the flatlands
4 tsp olive oil
Despite the doubtful officiating, the Blue Outdoor jackets still acquired an opportunity for the particular success. Columbus required the 1-0 guide close following the waved-off target because Shiny Calvert continued his or her scorching streak credit scoring about the power-play 18:17 into the second. It absolutely was Calverts 6 target inside a number of games.
I would like to take it upon myself to try to dispel the rule that it’s not appropriate, once and for all! I am not just favouring my leopard print stuff because I am ga-ga for animal prints, I say this, because I genuinely think that animal prints have become the new black and are a total staple to any girl’s wardrobe. Ladies, we should embrace this trend with open arms …or should I say wallets?… and start accumulating animal print merch like its nobody’s business!
“What does it mean?” she asked.
would you like to join our fabulous design team? We are looking for a couple of new Design Team members.
“Have you ever been in love?”
I know you too are probably abbit mad, but in order to make the contest fair i will need to go back to my old blog to continue off with the contest since some people did not know about this one .I am not going to beg for you to go and do the same because i understand its kind of fustrating now. But if you would still like to be a part of the contest then please do. I'm probably asking for abbit too much.
It is very important to try and honor at least some of your dreams along the way. From the moment that you lose your health, it is too late. Health brings a freedom very few realize until they no longer have it.
60 gr (1/4 cup)of soft butter, cubed
Says Mock:
Instead of saying: That's crazy. I would never do that. How could that mother do that to her child?
And of course this leads to the big dilemma! Whatever shall I wear? I'm just not a fancy girl and I don't really own anything, red carpet-ish. Last year the premiere was at a Pub...I have many many pub worthy outfits..no premiere in a theatre type digs though. I'm stumped.
Now, as I love to say, I'm gifting it forward! Now it's up to you. I am making our family five year plan available to you as a free printable! May this be a turning point in your family's life and make your everyday brighter.
8 ) At this point, most of my sleeve was soaking wet. I wrestled the handle on my own for the next few minutes, but it was like a Three Stooges movie in there. I was attempting to screw the handle back into the top of the faucet, but the water wouldn’t let me get that close, so I pressed my hand over the faucet to decrease the pressure and get the handle on there a little bit at a time, but it didn’t work either.
The only reasons for buying more than one share would be financial: to get a greater return. So pension funds (who invest primarily for a financial return rather than for control) would be affected less than someone like Rupert Murdoch.
What I said last month still stands: I am still enjoying it - it is a lot of fun to put together, plan and anticipate. A month feels just right - and I felt like there were a few more outfits I could have made.
But I cannot help but wonder whether this is just another phase that will pass sooner or later or something I need to handle now before it gets out of hand?
As a point of interest, the cheese I most enjoyed from my experiment at the Cheese Boutique was Roaring Forties Blue Cheese from Australia. This cheese is produced at King Island Dairy by cheesemaker Ueli Berger. I’ll explore this specific cheese deeper in a subsequent post. Let’s just say that one cheese alone made it worth the trip.
Post-86 Fiesta in pearl grey
Having the CD in your car won’t do the work for you. But when you attempt to understand new words, you will be able to focus on the meaning of the word, because the memorisation of the word will already be well advanced.
Wouldn't you think?
Similarly, we read from Ephesians 5:11-12.
Fadiah stressed that it was still early for such speculation as things would happen “in due course”.
I'll never tell (c:
All you have to do to enter is post a comment below with the title of a book I reviewed that you read and if you enjoyed it, OR post a link to my blog on Facebook and comment below "FB." The deadline is Dec. 9th and the winner will be selected at random. Good luck!
Let my brain rest in pieces.
And that's it everybody. The Series to Reboot for Friday the 13th franchise in 3 bloody parts.
No sickness, no secret, no chain is strong enough
Wedged between the tumescent guru being bearded by a prude
I remember bringing it somewhere to show it to some of my indirect family members and other people who I know, and we tried to figure out what it was and who should we report the egg-like object to.
Ghostface is another matter. Like all of the great monsters he's simple enough to pray on your sub-conscience, yet iconic enough to be instantly recognizable add that to the way his appearance subtly mocks his victims...
I never watch The Big Bang Theory because my son forbids it. He tells me that it's an ethnic slur against his kind. Marianne and I are expected to watch Community instead. (A friend who works for Community College of Philadelphia tells me that the latter is an ethnic slur against his kind, but that's another story.)
As a Tough Mudder I pledge that…
In a social milieu that encourages the expression of a variety of opinions on every question that arises, it is important to recognize dissent for what it is, and not to mistake it for a mature contribution to a balanced and wide-ranging debate. It is the truth revealed through Scripture and Tradition and articulated by the Church’s Magisterium that sets us free.As to champagne, Fr Z is sticking with the one that featured for the announcement of Summorum Pontificum. I'm minded to branch out and get some Bolly.
Proverbs 24:16
Scrawl for Art
Porque el punto dulce.
Knowing things isn’t helpful. Knowing the mathematical equations Piero della Francesca used is not helpful in art today. The only thing that’s helpful is that you are able to translate incompetence into art.
Avarian
As we all know, “poverty” is bad. Having established that fact, the only thing left to do is to decide what “poverty” is.
I’m going to do this live-blog style, so look for updates throughout the day.
When I am with Martin it is easier. I know I have someone who loves me. If I had him by my side, I could maybe deal with it. I don’t know why that makes a difference. But it does. I no longer feel like trash that has been thrown out because he has shown me that I am lovable to a man. I have also survived on my own and shown myself I am worthy. I take care of my home alone and I manage to parent my children with love and discipline. My son’s status last night on Facebook said, “I love my life.” I take partial credit for that attitude he has.
...those made in Sunday School out of foam and paper plates. Allie Claire was so excited to give me a Mother's Day flower. Our house is overflowing with her Sunday School artwork and I am hoarding it all up and claiming it as treasure. Only a momma could love scribbles on construction paper and foam cut outs covered with glitter.
We had the creative talents of Stephanie Wagenborg Photography taking photos, so those will be posted soon once their are back.
It all started the first time I listened to the opening track, “Barcarole,” with Metheny laying out a smooth processed guitar sound, wrapped in Mays’ lush synthesizer texture, topped by Nana Vasconcelos‘ driving percussive beats.
She seriously outdid herself with this one. I cannot wait to try this outfit on our baby!
progressive taxation/disproportionate taxation
A willingness to compromise can get you better results, too. If, for example, your initial request to fully remove your name gets refused, see if asking to have your identity anonymized will work. And if one person at the site you’ve contacted keeps stalling you, see if there’s another you can contact instead.
I received a lot of very positive feedback on my costume work and have been asked to participate in making costumes for their next production in December which will be "Alice in Wonderland"
That decision only made a difference once, when my attendance at early morning religious classes (called seminary) was low and my bishop tried to encourage me to attend more often. He pointed out that to get into BYU, you had to pass seminary. I smiled, explained that I wasn't interested in BYU anyway, and he let the matter drop. I still went to seminary from time to time, but never enough to pass. I wish now that I'd attended more often. I wonder: if BYU allowed beards, would the bishop's attempt to encourage me have carried more weight?
A close-up of my DH.
So maybe the next time we have a right side problem or injury or ache or pain we can ask ourselves how this might relate to our business and what might have come up to be released?
And so it’s jarring when we see homeless people. How can we have such poverty in such a wonderful country? Across Canada we have opened homeless shelters and food banks. We have public housing. We have breakfast and lunch programs for poor children. We provide welfare, job retraining, legal aid, and more.
Banana Man: Sometimes I'll work with my cousin Herb.
Best Bites- the most delectable interpretations of our favorite foods, like Most Iconic Burger and Best Cookie
This was my first Nora Roberts book. Honestly, I decided to read it because I loved the covers. It really touches the part of me as woman that loves weddings and everything about them. Plus, my friend highly recommended it to me so I had to add it to my to-read list.
Me: We're all going to die.
OUR FATHER – “LORD’S PRAYER”
To visit Liz’s blog click here for more in depth reviews on each product and for all your fashion and beauty needs! Also follow her on twitter @bonniebutton89
Too much time alone isn’t good for a man.
For those of you who are losing hope, please don’t. There is always something you can do to achieve what you desire. Be strong, and think of way to push yourself out of the misery hole.
I’m so glad I did it but every step I took I wanted to give up. I got to the first mile marker and couldn’t help but think: That was only a mile. I’m done. I want to go home and go back to bed! I can’t do 5 and a half more miles. I’ll surely die!
13. Sticks & Stones
Sentence Begin: 05/23/1998
Now I look forward to my run on Saturday at a more normal March temperature — 59 degrees!
In your family
Ty was confused. “Yah, I remember. What about it?”
many coffees without sugar during the day (about 5-7)
Kathleen’s site is one that I especially admired when I first set up my own research data site. I particularly liked how her research data and blog fit so nicely under the same interface. Such a presentation seemed beyond me so I was content with keeping it simple and just making my research site and blog as consistent with each other as possible.
Ms. Stevens was accused by prosecutors of lying to the FDA and concealing and falsifying documents related to an investigation by the U.S. agency. The federal judge refused to let a jury decide the case, saying that would risk a miscarriage of justice.
All of this flies in the face of the story we are typically given concerning gay rights. The normal narrative one hears when gay rights are discussed in the media or academic discussions is as a group gays are a powerless minority being oppressed by an antagonistic majority. Lately one hears about bullying in schools, but the same narrative pop-ups during gay marriage debates and discussions of adoption.
As her eyes look over the horizon..
not because it's a remnant of autumn's confetti
Photo by John M. P. Knox. There were a few gorgeous pairing kits filled with chocolate, wine charms, and almonds. The packages put Tiffany jewelry boxes to shame.
Pollack actually snarled. Pevan and a couple of the guardsmen stepped back, but the Sherriff knew the law. He let Van Raighan drop to the ground. The thief staggered slightly, but straightened with a glare at the big man. He glanced at the circle of guardsmen, raising an eyebrow when he saw Pevan, then raised a hand in front of him. That was where the Clearviewing had ended. Rel took a clumsy step forward on legs suddenly stiff with anticipation.
*How not - in Glaswegian this corresponds to the English language's 'why not'.
Matthew Bristow and Raymond Colitt – Bloomberg, 01/26/2012
A team of nine journalists from the entrepreneurial editorial startup in the School of Journalism and Broadcasting will leave Saturday for Los Angeles. Another team of six will work remotely from Bowling Green, coordinating through Skype and other media, Director Kerry Northrup said.
Hotter than Hell
Our kitchen and family room is one of my favorites, Sisal from Ralph Lauren. Yet again, I had it matched in Behr paint:
Tonight, The Geej and I will be spending the night at Dah's house. Why? Well because Dah and her Plungette group will be marching in tomorrow's Oatmeal Festival parade, of course. I'm it will be filled with good ol' small town Texas charm and I'm betting that the people watching is going to be spectacular. I'll try and post some pictures post facto. BH will not be attending the parade, however, because he's going to go hang with his boys for the day. Seems the town they live in is having the grand opening of a bad-assed new skatepark, and the guys are pretty stoked about it. Do the kids still say "stoked," by the way? Oh, who the fuck cares.
Day 9: (Platelets 75,000)
He also said that if NUJ could not fight for press freedom, another organisation would be needed to take up the task.
People use humour to deal with all sorts of things including tragedy. I, as regular readers all know, have suffered from depression for the better part of my life, but I don’t find that my humour suffers when I’m depressed. If anything, and I even mentioned this to my doctor, I’d say it improves; he had no answer for that. I wrote my first two novels while deeply depressed and they’re full of humorous situations. I favour dry humour delivered deadpan, I take especial pleasure in wordplay, but with the exception of slapstick there’s not much I don’t enjoy when it comes to comedy. I have a replica of the late, great Eric Morecambe’s statue – the one on Morecambe’s sea front – in the living room and I display a photo of him in one of the bookcases – a card my daughter saw and aware of my affection for the man couldn’t resist getting for me.
Lorne gagged. Erebus. The stink hit his senses before he heard the creature's call. The monstrous beast lumbered toward his direct path to the mountain, having a central core and tentacles larger than any other he had laid eyes on. This one moved faster, too. The creature could take him out before he reached the mountain. I have to get there first.
Usage: Daily Flavor, Food Flavor, Tobacco Flavor
My new favorite? The one I won't let anyone touch because it's MINE? The smoothie straw! I love smoothies, but I don't have an expensive blender, so sometimes they are chunky. Using a regular straw was pretty much impossible with my smoothies. The chunks would plug it up, and I just gave up on the whole idea. This new straw from Glass dharma is nice and wide, so no chunks get stuck, and I can just sip away to my hearts content! It also has a great little cleaning brush, so I never end up with grodey bits stuck inside.
Another stipulation of receiving and giving this award is that you reveal 7 secrets about yourself. I’m going to go ahead and claim myself exempt from that due to the fact that this blog is made up of nothing other than secrets.
I am a bit of a grammar/usage snob, but I don't beat people over the head with it. Mostly because that's really rude, but also because I know I often have a beam in my eye, so worrying about the mote in someone else's is not a good idea.
If God is truly great – why can’t He be trusted to work in those mysterious ways in his own manner? Instead we leave Him trying to clean up our mess when we gather in a huge mob of vehement “faith” and blindly use His name to massacre thousands of non-believers? This kind of entitlement can lead to major problems that actually work directly against the Bible and its teachings, if you don’t believe me – read a history book. The massacre thing is only a small example.
I sincerely hope that Christians heed the words of Cardinal Keith O'Brien to "wear proudly a symbol of the cross of Christ" each day of their lives.
1 feed
Not surprisingly, Victor Dzau was named a “Distinguished Scientist” by the American Heart Association and was the recipient of the 2004 Max Delbruck Medal, Berlin, Germany. Max Delbruck, by the way, was a German biophysicist who promoted the idea that living systems (including humans) are nothing more than biochemical robots, and his work on molecular genetics was, in many ways, ground-laying work for modern-day genetic engineering (GMOs).
'Lose the Rosaries girls'
See, we are really trying to get our finances under control after all the health issues we had last year. Rebuild our savings, pay off the credit card (whoops), etc. It would be much easier if we didn’t have three weddings – two of which I’m an integral part of – and a new dog. Trust me, I am not complaining, I’m blessed to be a part of this important day for two people I care deeply for. And the new dog is adorable to watch. I’m just saying, it’s hard to save money when you want to spend extra money on fun stuff. Saving money is not fun. But sparkly things (and things that go ruff! ruff!) are definitely fun.
* We found these great popsicles at Target in the dollar spot--10 popsicles for $1! They have no high fructose corn syrup and are only 20 caleries each. The kids love them!
Tearing up the pork chop.
"I got it for you with extra pickles, because that's how I like it. I hope you like it with extra pickles."
The water felt so calming. It was where I belonged. Shortly after getting in my doula arrived and from that point I felt completely taken care of. I felt like the birthing part was my job and the job of everyone else was making sure I didn't want for anything during the birth. My mother made sure the boys didn't get too loud. My doula got me whatever I needed, my midwives were really just there. They rubbed my back a few times, listened in on the baby a few times, but mostly we all chatted when I wanted to chat and everyone was extremely quiet when they sensed I needed it and they had great senses. As it got darker, candles were light to keep the lighting dim and my rushes got stronger and closer together still, but again, I can never say it was painful. I did feel like my whole body was electrified. My senses were heightened. Everything felt hyper-real!
After a quick cup of tea, Mrs Tootlepedal and I set out in the car for the wood which we visited with Mike Tinker last week in the hope of seeing a good show of bluebells. The wood was looking very fine, we thought.
without a love of my own
We started with a die cut - white cardstock and adhesive sheet, cut on the cuttlebug. A clear ultra-fine glitter was laid over the entire thing and well-burnished in. Then we used peel-off outline stickers to create a design (the butterfly/flower shape and circles).
We tried to circumnavigate the challenges. But, Murphy’s Law became the expected with its usual flare-ups and eruptions of job loss, loss of home, and the stresses of our life. Why, were we Murphy’s Choice?
Another victim by her own hand is Sarah Palin, who gave a timid non-endorsement endorsement to Gingrich during the primaries. She is still incomprehensibly urging the Speaker to stay all the way to the convention. We say, nuts Sarah! Her position at Fox would be weakened unless she changes her tune and gets on the Romney campaign with more enthusiasm. We are not counting on that since Sarah hasn't proven to have
well, time for bed, it is after midnight.
for the x that marks the spot
I will be replying to emails as soon as I can, please bear with me.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
What I find interesting is that people either want to embrace or distance themselves from attitudes that are “naturally” occurring in wild animals. What drives us to decide that we like certain behaviors but others are beneath us and uncivilized?
Brouwerij De Molen Engels
there is time for
They went slowly, slowly
pic from jalou gallery
$10,074.99 (End of March balance)
Instead, my greatest concern with this green grocer revolution is keeping My Love far, far away from it.
Therapist: I am worried for you. I worry if you go, he will try to do something to shut you up or make you lose that baby. He knows that if you report, it will not be too tricky to prove with the pregnancy, which means jail time or likely prison. Not surprised about UTI. Not pleasant. Quiet… does my mention of incarceration upset or scare you?
How to catch up on your sleep when your night-owl, needs only five hours a night husband is gone:
Urge the USDA not to renew the Animal Welfare Act (AWA) license of Jambbas Ranch in Fayetteville, N.C. due to its repeated and ongoing violations, resulting in the suffering of Ben, a solitary bear, and the other animals kept there.
Apparently cats dig you when you're pregnant. Like, a lot.
13. Women were a major force for Prohibition -- they were feeling empowered by the suffragist movement and the Progressive movement -- and, again, for Repeal. Upper-class women were revolted by the corruption, by the blatant hypocrisy of Dry politicians who drank like fish, and by the lack of human sympathy displayed by the more cruel Drys (those guys who wanted to poison the drunks). Urban Catholics and immigrants were against Prohibition because it simply seemed unnatural to them; well, it was.
cilantro for garnish
Massage is recommended in traditional Chinese medicine to unblock the patient’s meridians, stimulate the circulation of blood and qi, loosen stiff joints and muscles, and strengthen the immune system.
Phew, quite a week in food! Hope you had just of a great week as I did! :)
I would be glad to hear a coherent argument against the content of this open letter, Mr Cameron, but fully understand that your vocal appeasement of resurgent Islam makes such a response more than a little unlikely. This is a shame, because I am sure I speak for many millions of British people who find your official endorsement of sharia law in Britain baffling in the extreme.
Char Koay Teow, Chee Cheong Fun, Leng Chee Kang & Si Ham, Gurney Drive Hawker Centre – How would you judge which stall serves the better food? By the people queuing in front of the stall? Yes? From my experience at Gurney Drive Hawker Centre, it is proven that the answer is a NO! The CKT we ordered from this particular stall which had a snake-long queue turned out to be a disappointment! The noodles were soggy, the taste was nothing exceptional… I was a tad frustrated because it wasted my stomach quota -_- The chee cheong fun on the other hand was ok, but we were expecting pure hae gor (prawn paste) instead of hae gor mixed with sweet sauce. Thus far, the food we had was far from impressive. I though just maybe, food luck was not with us that night. But wait! Si ham was coming to the rescue! The picture above speaks for itself. It was clean and big in size. The only thing you can’t see in the picture is how bloody fresh it was! I couldn’t help but ate half of those.
I have spent a number of years studying the Song of Solomon, and just recently have felt compelled to delve into it once more, on a deeper level. I believe this little book is one of the most mysterious and perhaps misunderstood of all the books of the Bible. But in all the mystery there lies a truth that runs throughout the pages….we have a beautiful Bridegroom who loves us; and whom, as we come to know Him, stirs our heart to love Him back.
That's right . . . it's a Christmas card!!! My FIRST of 2012! Aren't you so impressed? Here I am, Queen of procrastination . . . and it's only May and I have one whole Christmas card made. Sheesh, when I say it like that, it doesn't sound all that impressive, does it?! LOL! Here's a quasi - side view . . .
I also love the packaging, although I think the size is way too small for the product being a blush.
Anyone else notice a disconnect between her two statements? So where is she most likely to show her true intent — in public, or in a forum of friends?
How does it get better than that?
It would be impossible to discuss the history of the pill without mentioning one of its staunchest supporters, Margaret Sanger, who is often trotted out by Planned Parenthood opponents for her eugenicist views. A longtime birth control activist who was once jailed for her defiance of the Comstock laws, Sanger believed that women should have access to contraceptives, and according to May, imagined a birth control pill as early as 1912. It wasn’t until 1950 that the dream came closer to reality, however; her friend and fellow activist Katharine Dexter McCormick offered financial support for research into a birth control pill, and the women set out to find people who could help them achieve their goals.
See ya soon!
I'll put up some more pictures, observations and memories, and will complete the set of links to photos (in the file linked up near the title of this page), but for now I'm going to have a green chile chicken enchilada and other familiar foods.
Don’t get me wrong, there are amazing blog-writers, journalists and artists and production companies working on the web. And some pearls of sites. But I mean, the web is not yet used as a blank canvas, for an artist to rise to make it its own. It is not about drive-by information like Twitter or Facebook. It is about something unique, and addictive, and something that creates awe.
Zhu JL, Knudsen LE, Andersen AM, Hjollund NH, Olsen J. Time to pregnancy among Danish laboratory technicians who were a part of the National Birth Cohort. Scand J Work Environ Health 2005; 31: 108-114.
The carpet beetle is such a resilient pest, especially its eggs. Professional removal of a carpet beetle infestation may be necessary. A1 can help.
which has generated more health complaints
But if there is good news for the Catholic Church it is clearly that baptisms, marriages and funerals are still considered important by “Catholics”. “Four wheel Christians?”……pram, limousine and hearse….but clearly 84% of Irelands population (Republic and North) want to be “hatched, matched and dispatched” according to the rites of the “Holy Catholic Church”.
My time is lost and scattered.
Enameled with flowers,
I knew he was already surfing and CW doesn’t really have a password set up on her system, so I said “Don’t need one, Slug-butt.” Yes, Slug-butt is our special name that only I can call him. He loves it. Slugs are funny. Butts are funny. It’s a perfect name.
- While I'm not even a Deist, as such, I've always found Shai-Hulud a more credible notion of a Deity than anyone who gave a damn about the fate of an individual human. And this quotation expresses an attitude toward the unknown that I can support.
free market
The countdown is on!
That's great. I'd hate to see you unhappy or uncomfortable.
St. Louis managed to move closer to Atlanta yesterday with a close 3-2 win over the rival Cubs. Octavio Dotel picked up the win in relief of starter Edwin Jackson, and the Cardinals scored two runs late on home runs by Yadier Molina and Rafael Furcal. The Cards will be on the road in Houston to end the season, and they have a very good chance to overtake the struggling Braves.
28 girls and their families were served through the Dream Home, STAR House, and Bridge Project
instead of upside down as charted. Let's see how
L - Lemon. I'm not really a fan of lemonade, but I love me a good caipirinha (Brazilian drink, which is made from lemons)
“Birds would be highly sensitive to chilli,” my friend interrupted. “As would you, if it was rubbed on the sensitive parts of your body.”
To finish, share the answers and revise the contents taught.
Grey long sleeved tee: Flower
Of the process of exposure to elucidation
My son has applied to a US soccer recruiting firm, to maybe get a College scholarship to a US college, and found out he was successful in passing the first step, so you never know ,watch out you girls-he maybe coming to a college near you,lock up your daughters, and of course I will have to visit,so bring it on!!
Energy associate with a particular phase.
1/3 c. granulted sugar
Sherrie Wilkolaski, Lulu publishing Consultant
Hooked, so that I refused to put it away when I was walking home from the bus stop, on a wet and dark evening (the irony of sharing a similar atmospheric setting with the narrator leant itself to a little more enjoyment on my behalf). And when the following day I put it down after having finished it, I refused to pick up another book for days. It stayed with me in the way brilliant books do. I’m a sucker for a crisis, doomed love, moral agonising, especially when it’s written without being sentimental. Tragedy is key for me, and this had all the great elements of it; the torture of wanting one thing but being completely unable to reconcile with that want because of one’s duty made me want to tell everyone I met to read it. Of course, the subject matter might not be to everyone’s tastes, the tragedy might even be slightly too dramatic for one’s liking, but the narrative! Oh the narrative! I stop to put both hands on my chest, close my eyes, and say, ‘Oh my God, you HAVE to read The End of the Affair.
Hearing loss is – as we might expect – invisible. Jacques Derrida’s Memoirs of the Blind, however, is an account, based on many works in the Louvre, of sighted artists’ images of blindness. But how can we convey the sound of deafness? The ecstatic and angular final works of Beethoven (such as the late string quartets, the Diabelli Variations and Piano Sonata no. 32 in C minor, op. 111) are astonishing achievements in abstraction and testaments to the visuality of musical composition, but how would a hearing composer denote a deaf world? Perhaps they can’t and don’t need to, for if the human sensorium is a gestalt, and a change in one part of it changes the whole, we might expect that when one door of perception closes another opens: blind poets and musicians from Homer to Stevie Wonder have been celebrated and admired. Perhaps their courage and intensity of truth-saying is something we – sighted or not, deaf or not – might learn from as we all try to make the best of our limitations and losses.
Now, I already have a billion favourite banana bread recipes, but of course I had the urge to try something new, something different. Let me tell you there are lots of variations on banana bread out there that look amazing. Peanut butter banana bread? That has my name written all over it. Lime coconut banana bread? Delicious! I will definitely be making those sometime soon since my banana pile doesn’t seem to be getting any smaller!
Not shopping for clothes except at resales.
And most important, respect that. Don’t look scandalised when I whip out my not-certified- by- your- authority- of- choice- marshmallows to roast at my braai. I would not be eating them and passing the packet around if I had these doubts, and I’m sure, neither would you…
A year later, Death Grips are no longer the enigma they once were, but that hasn’t made them any less intriguing. The vocals/battle cries that I remember scaring the bejesus out of me belong to Stefan Burnett, while the production is the work of Zach Hill, the self-taught, human drum machine of math-rock band Hella, and Andy Morin on keys. Recently signed to Epic, the trio dropped their first album The Money Store to wide acclaim, and it’s packed to the brim with crack rock gems. “I’ve Seen Footage” instantly took me back to that moment of first hearing them, and it’s a prime example of how head bobbing and a flight or flight reaction can be melded into the perfect synthesis. The group displays a few influences proudly on this track, with synths reminiscent of Gary Numan, and a muddled sample of what sounds a whole hell of a lot like Salt-n-Pepa’s “Push It” buried beneath Burnett screaming about what he’s seen. And he does not sound happy. For further listening, check out their mixtape free Ex-Military, or pick up a copy of The Money Store.
Stamp: Crafty Individuals ( Versafine Crimson + clear ep); background Hero Arts: Big swirl;
they would be granted certain freedoms: to marry and raise a family, to work and
in the chiaroscuro of museums
so I can finally move onto the living part
12. Take Me Back, Baby
“I do realistic style mainly for my pictures, sometimes I draw cartoon style, but I prefer realistic.”
It’s certainly been a while since I’ve visited this place. The last month has flown by like I never could have imagined. Getting ready for a baby is not exactly an easy task. Actually, the mental part is far more daunting than you could ever imagine. The gaining weight part was easy. It was everything else that was so hard to handle.
not sure why that exactly sent me into an internal tizzy, but it did.
Keep watching for the release date, and have fun with the blog hop!
All photographs contained herein have been taken and/or edited by Stephanie C. Perkins. Please do not copy and/or reproduce the same without express written permission from the photographer. Thank you kindly!
Speaking of Valerie Trueblood, I'm pleased that an essay I wrote about her and her writing has made the shortlist of the Thresholds Feature Writing Competition. There's a shortlist of ten. It seems all ten may be published regardless of who is the overall winner. If that's the case I will link to here when my essay is featured.
2. Spicy Foods
James Marcel Cartier, 26, New York, N.Y.
When A and I listen to music, we often just listen to what I want to hear and she's fine with that because she is a child and music is music and she does not realize that some of it was made and recorded for her age demographic. But I also realize that kids music and nursery rhymes can be entertaining for her too. They are short and becoming more familiar to her. They review vocabulary she already has (sheep, star, bird) and topic that she will one day have to know something about (animal husbandry, candle-stick jumping, the temperament of royalty, and, doe future weddings, that songs sometimes have gestures and movements associated with them). She can focus through an entire one minute song. Chopin's étude? Not so much.
Soon, chocolate bars began appearing in the display case of Schreck’s delicatessen on the corner of our street, and the uncles were all back with their families.
Hi tourists,
Sunday 13:00 to 00:00
The amazing world of digital picture taking is ever-flourishing. There are literally hundreds of digital camera marks and models. Which type should you pick? Which one is best for you? We’ve got a few tips for purchasing a new digital camera that will make picking out the best one easy.
Dear bloggers:
Vaalu
Do not speak,
Iceland ranks: 1st (9.7)
Let’s just say even though I aced the interview, and Mark said so himself; I never got the job.
One comment: Asado is very fatty and you’ll see when you cook it. So you can make this ahead of time, let is cool and skim as much fat off the top as you can. Because this meat cooks slowly and is quite fatty, it is very tender and reheats beautifully. Mine went onto a hot plate for Shabbat and the family demolished every last morsel.
When it comes to unnaturally green foods, I draw the line at grasshopper pie (though you won't get me to scoff at this truly incredible fresh mint ice cream (I know it looks pale yellow in the photo. Trust me, it's beautiful pale green. And insanely good.)). I like to weave in themes other ways. More subtle ways.
People compare your pain to their own pain. The loss of their grandmother, husband, their failed marriage, rebellious teenagers. Somehow this comparing leaves you stranded. If they can compare their pain of a situation to the loss of your BABY, they will likely never get it. Babies are not supposed to die. End of story.
Whole wheat pizza with mushrooms, parmesan, oregano and farm egg (my husband was drooling over this)
Look FWIW, theres only two of the four titles listed on his online catalogue on Amazon as of today and they are all his own books. This is a one man band and not what you’re looking for. He’d have been better doing a few free books for his mates and family before he put ad in Writers Forum. That must have cost a few hundred alone!
It took me an hour or so to fall back asleep, and I'm not sure when I had this thought- either then, or when I woke up, but I think it was then because I'm pretty sure when I woke up I had to recreate it.
It became stronger each day,
This hasn’t happened yet, but I’m greenlighting it because I have a very definite picture book I’d like to write now. I know I joined 12×12 for picture book writers this year, but my participation has fallen far short. My goals for the year are now to finish the next round of edits on Farnuckle so it can go back to query-mode and to complete the first draft for the concept that’s been floating around in my head for a couple of months now.
I just love Charlie Brown and the Great Pumpkin. Reminds
If you want smaller curls, use smaller sections of hair and do more of them and if you want bigger curls, use bigger sections of hair. Then go to bed for the night.
A number of questions arise: why are breweries bothering?; who's drinking this stuff?; is it any good?; does this signal the end of civilization? All worthy of response, and I shall come to them in due time. But first, let's review why these damnable beers exist in the first place.
Last night I started up again – why do I think this is not a flash in the pant one day thing? Because of the other thing playing through my mind last night as I lay in bed. I’m going to a wedding at the start of June.
I can’t see this green line.
Fans can also get special VIP packages that will include amazing seats, VIP pre-show parties, autographed memorabilia and exclusive merchandise. Check www.ticketmaster.com for more information about ticketing and VIP package offers.
“Like most days. It’s true, like most of my life. What a legacy.”
Using your fingertips, quickly rub in the butter until the mixture resembles bread crumbs.
The full list of locations for the event is listed below. Media outlets are welcome to send a reporter and/or photographer to cover the event. Media and supporters interested in the event should contact Tony Mullett, the event's national organiser on (01772) 258580 or at tonymullett@spuc.org.uk SPUC's communications department can be contacted on (0)7939 177683 or (020) 7820 3129 or news@spuc.org.uk
As part of American Sikh Day, a “Celebration of this Nation and Religious Freedom,” marked in Sacramento on April 13, CDCR employee Balvinder (Val) Hansra and her husband, Gurcharan, were interviewed for KCRA’s “Common Ground” show at their home in the Sacramento area. After the tragic shooting of two Sikh men in Elk Grove, state officials, Sikhs and media have been working diligently to educate the public about Sikhs.
with no thing,
That's right folks! I'm packing my bags here shortly and moving to Oregon (the Portland area). Ahhh....Oregon. You remember me yapping about wanting to move to Oregon before, dont you? Well, I do! And its FINALLY happening!
Whitehorse studied law one year in order to make sure she understood federal Indian law. She discovered the secret of federal Indian law.
After nearly 20 years of “Choose or Lose,” MTV is changing the name of its election season campaign. The youth cable channel’s coverage will be labeled “Power of 12,” a nod to both the election year and the notion that 18- to 29-year-olds have a lot of political power if they choose to wield it. The name change is, in part, a statement about the cynical mood of the youth voting bloc. While young people turned out in unusually high numbers to support Barack Obama in 2008, MTV’s research into “Choose or Lose” found that many felt they had lost anyway. “They were so passionate,” said Stephen K. Friedman, the president of MTV. “And then they hit this wall of the economy.” RTWT.
Ultimatly we ALL have a very creative attitude toward this wonderful 'paper hobby' of ours :o)
It would have been my Stinky's 28th birthday today, in Earth years. It's the second birthday he is celebrating in Heaven. We never celebrated his birthday together. The first year we were together, 2009, he was in Jacksonville and I hadn't moved down there yet because our wedding was still a few months away. I sent him a box of clothes I'd picked out for him, and I think some candy. I joked with him that he was a grandpa-old man because he was turning 25 - a quarter of a century (Yes, that's what I turned this year, I don't want to talk about it!). He loved the clothes, and laughed and joked back about being an oldman grandpa. It was a good birthday even though we weren't together.
Sing the song for me
Of course, Astley’s song is from, like, the eighties, which was a million years ago. GOSH, Mom. Get with the times.
8. “We’re allowed to find other girls pretty. It’s usually nothing to be jealous over”
FAR FAR away from home.
I pick her up and place her on my chest promptly, of course. She has me well trained.
Barrack Obama did something dumb today. And he wasted millions of dollars in tax money today.
Anyway, I always figured I'd have a cat someday, but when my oldest son turned out to be allergic, we opted instead for a series of little caged critters: mice, a hamster, a guinea pig, a chinchilla, a whole mess of roly poly bugs.
After a bathroom remodel I needed a new piece of artwork for the now newly painted walls and I didn’t want to spend a fortune for a piece of art. So of course I was just starting to get the pinterest thing. I was like huh I just pinned something that would look great in my bathroom. A totally easy looking silhouette canvas. Here’s where I got the idea from http://tatertotsandjello.com/2011/07/summer-social-guest-project-make-mod.html . It is super easy and It looks professionally done. Who knew the most unartistic person could be an artist.
And I write out this
I know I'll have much more to say, but the visit left me feeling empty. Alex firmly believes at this point that everything was clearly her fault and that she needs to heal from all the pain. She parroted back many things in her wording, things that didn't come from her own thinking. It was painful and sad to experience.
This week, our challenge is TAG YOU'RE IT ! We would like to see you either using a tag in your creation or making a tag - whatever grabs your crafty fancy !
Voice Acting: 10/10
When Eugene remarried in 1874, he moved Eugene, Jr. into this house. Later it was occupied by John, Jr.’s daughter Hallie Bremond Houston and her husband.
Across the African continent millions of Christians were inspired to participate in the process of transforming Africa. 77 South African regions and 27 African countries committed to a Day of Repentance and Prayer for Africa on the 1st of May 2003.
When we arrived in the kitchen, service for the evening was underway. Everything seemed very much under control – the kitchen was spotless, and the other chefs were working calmly and efficiently. Mattias told us that in the past he’s been a bit more hot-headed (think Gordon Ramsay!) but now he’s calmer, and although he will occasionally shout at his team, he saves it for when it’s really needed – much more scary if you ask me (although I find it hard to imagine Mattias being scary at all)!
Nike produces a wide array of sports gear and apparel. Among the first products were running and basketball shoes. Currently, they make jerseys for different sporting activities including track & field, baseball, football, tennis, lacrosse, soccer, golf and cricket. Recent additions to their line of products are Nike SB and Nike 6.0 footwear specially designed for skateboarding. Nike sells shoes for road running, soccer, basketball, athletics, American football, and cross training for men, women, and children. Nike also sells gear for outdoor sports such as tennis, baseball, golf, soccer, football, volleyball, bicycling, wrestling, aquatic games, cheer leading and multi-sport uses. They also hold Bauer brand athletic gear and Cole Haan dress and casual footwear brands.
½ lb shredded mozzarella cheese
...and she's all "blah blah blah...blee blahhhh". Appalled at the blatant rudeness of this bitch, my curiosity got the best of me and I leaned way down to see what shoes she was wearing so I could be sure to give her dirty looks if I ever saw her in the hallway.
Elisa Donovan ... Laura Lindsey
Metal teaspoon
Over the past three or four sessions we have had all kinds of legislative champions, who understand the community corrections system and are willing to focus more on treatment than retribution. As a probation official, I am pleased to see the message finally getting across. Being tough on crime is a great message, but it doesn't always mean a prison sentence. Much of the time being tough means holding people accountable and making them productive. In many cases, that is a far more severe sanction.Many people don't believe that a probation sentence can be a "far more severe sanction" than a prison sentence, but there are many reasons why that can be true. Probation restrictions can be severe, including curfews, bans on drinking alcohol, and regular urinalysis requirements. What's more, probationers must pay significant fees, restitution and treatment costs, perform community service, and at least try to remain employed, which is collectively more than some people who wind up on probation - who may have chaotic, messed up lives to begin with - have ever personally accomplished before.
Prohibits a school district or charter school from including in its program of instruction any courses or classes that:
It just so happened that the bar was the first on the Carnage Pub Crawl. For those who don’t know Carnage, it is a University based pub crawl that takes place all over the country. People buy the T-shirt with the pub route and have to tick off certain challenges whilst dressed in the theme of the night which in this example was Cops and Robbers. Once again, some great photos.
What I want the most.
The fight between pro-slavery and anti-slavery activists as to whether Kansas would become a slave state or a free state was one of the early confrontations that triggered the Civil War. Popular vote would decide whether or not Kansas would become a free state. Large groups of both pro- and anti-slavery activists poured into Kansas to decide the outcome, which at times escalated into violent confrontations, and many of these battles were centered in and around Lawrence. Finally, on January 29, 1861, Kansas was admitted to the Union as a free state, less than three months before the Battle of Fort Sumpter which began the Civil War.
I hit a wall, however, when it came to the issue of health management. Mr CJ needs to have a phone to receive medical appointments. If I didn't have a phone for him to call me on if there was ever a problem, I wouldn't be able to leave him alone at all, and then would hardly be able to leave the house at all. If there is an emergency, I have to be able to call for help, or, realistically, it could seriously increase the chances of either Mr CJ or me having an untimely death. Things really are that drastic when you are living with serious health problems. I realised that I am trapped, held in bondage to capricious corporations whose computers can just spit out any numbers they like and put one's life - or at least one's credit rating - into turmoil. I seriously considered suicide - for the first time in quite a while. If I can't live without telephones, well then, I'd rather not live at all. That might sound drastic, but that's the nature of a phobia - unnecessarily drastic.
Site 5, the plot of land at Flatbush and Fourth avenues housing P.C. Richard and Modell's, is described as "significantly underutilized," as "Blank walls with no glazing and few breaks or entrances abut four public streets." That's an argument for greater development, according to the General Project Plan. What it doesn't say is that the site was developed by Forest City Ratner, which long had the right to build at a significant scale, and now has the option to build even bigger, with condemnation of the part of the property it doesn't control.
on sorrowing men
Imagine being Washington Capitals' defenseman Karl Alzner Wednesday night. Imagine, say, that you played 37:14, over 11 minutes more than your previous career-high, in a 2-1 triple-overtime loss to the New York Rangers -- that you were one of the players in a game that beat pretty much everyone to a bloody pulp and took 114:41 to decide, nearly twice as long as it was supposed to.
Fanatical for Who has and currently is still on hiatus if my regular followers haven't already figured it out. I am sorry for not posting on this before. I had intended originally to be updating the blog but I ended up ill again. Then after just a day or two of feeling better I got injured and this has left me in a lot of pain.
The original painting by Claude Manet.
Have I told you this story? I decided to kill myself (No, he says, I have not told that story. When was that? Oh, years ago, not recently). I got my pills, and I went into my living room to get whisky to wash them down with, because I thought that might make me lose consciousness more quickly and be better able to go through with it. But in my living room I found my bath water flowing through the ceiling. A join in the drainpipe had given way, and the water flowed out. So I called the landlord, and the plumber, and got it dealt with, and after the plumber left the immediate desire to die had gone away. A Synchronicity!
THE STORY: The play is a kind of poetic and comic fable set in the twilight zone of the not-quite-true. At the Cafe Chez Francis, a group of promoters plot to tear up Paris in order to unearth the oil which a prospector believes he has located in the neighborhood. These grandiose plans come to the attention of The Madwoman of Chaillot who is ostensibly not normal in her mind but who is soon shown to be the very essence of practical worldly goodness and common sense. She sees through the crookedness of the prospector and insists that the world is being turned into an unhappy place by the thieves and those who are greedy for worldly goods and power.
Guil gets up but has nowhere to go. He spins another coin over his shoulder without looking at it, his attention being directed at his environment or lack of it.
I'm starting to believe that Morrissey and Co. totally wrote all those Smiths songs about me, back in the 80s.
Spend 30 Minutes working up to a one rep (heavy) Turkish Get Up…This is not a race apes.
“So,” said the returned hero. “What you want me to do?”
You are still both free, you are still free to eventually date or guys are free to do that as well .The first strategy I want to give you is to refocus on your life after you had your first date you have to go back to your life, go back to your individuality and feel the other aspect of your life: go back to your career, go back to the things you’re doing before, if you have active social life and people will go with that. Refocus on staying healthy and in diet. All this things that you do when you’re not in dating or relationship mode then go back to that and refocus your energy on that .
So off I go to Google largest numbers and we are learning about googol, googolplex, Graham's number, large number notation, exponentiation, tetration.
in Korean side dishes.
AMC Block 30
When I think of summer fruits as as child, the first thing that comes to mind are big, red, sweet and firm cherries. My brother and I had a ritual of searching for the ones with the stems joined together and saving them since they were the "good luck" ones. Today, Uncle Jason eats cake for breakfast so this chocolate cherry cake is for him.
Still, downscaled expectations will be among the most common themes of the decades ahead of us, and those who have the uncommon sense to figure this out in advance and start getting ready for a less efficient future will very likely benefit from the increased resilience that will provide. Over the weeks to come, as I finish up the discussion of salvage and prepare to wrap up the entire series of posts on green wizardry that have been central to this blog’s project for more than a year now, I hope to be able to suggest a few more options for resilience along these same lines.
In the same outdoor lot, I found this fur stole, and at first I wasn't sure it would work with black accessories, but it did. I guess you'd call this faux fox, but honestly, what I know about fur you could squeeze into a thimble. Maybe it's time to learn. Not bad for $15. The best part about it is that it really glows.
Team leader Dr Roland Leigh, of the university’s Earth Observation Science Group, said: “We will be able to map the pollution in 3D to show emissions of nitrogen dioxide and how far they spread.”
Do you love what you see on Health Demystified? No, I didn’t say like – I said LOVE. Do you want free kickass content that you can use right away to kickstart your journey to health, fitness, and success?
Note that on your product page, Amazon will only ever list the entire category line/breadcrumb/ thread/chain/whatever. For instance, while my book may be #2 in Medical Thrillers and #10 in Thrillers, someone coming to your product will never see that it's #10 in Thrillers. They will always see:
Oh, and I forgot to mention that Gundam was pretty huge here as well and it constitutes another half of the anime community other than moe and cosplay, all thanks to the vast amount of toys it has. Most of the fans are in for the gunpla and character design than the actual show itself though.
What in the hell! Here I am all prepared for a lecture and He admits He is at fault. I felt better instantly. It's crazy in a 24/7 how routine comes into play and when the routine is off I as the sub feel completely put off. As I was kneeling at His feet and we were discussing our disagreement I was already in my submissive head space. I am allowed entrance to His bed and lay in His arms and talk some more. I must of gotten a little to loose lipped because He tells me, "So are you trying to give me a lecture?" Eeepp..... I shut my mouth and get to my duty of His nightly oral.
You may think the reason I’m saying not to let him sleep with you is the safety of your child. But I think Francisco was in more danger than Enrique. Enrique would drape himself over Francisco’s head, nearly suffocating him, and all attempts to move Enrique would result in Enrique gradually creeping back to the position over Francisco’s airway.
Great Blue, a 2-barrel brewery on the Suydam Farm in Franklin Township, Somerset County, opted to let its licensing and bonding run out.
This is my second attempt at the first post of the year. My first attempt was lost to a power outage and slothful saving implementations. After well over a decade of working on computers, I really should know better than not to save my work.
- Sandbar in the Grove: Friday Nights at 7 pm – The bar was packed. The people were buzzing. Teams of up to seven people crowded around their tables whispering as to not let competing teams in on the answer. This trivia is for serious competitors as everyone is VERY into winning. Well guess what? Only one team wins, and, two weeks ago, that was my team! Questions were comprised fairly easy sports, celebrity, movie, and pop culture trivia. Positive: Big beers are super cheap and half price during trivia. Negative: Too much time was alloted for each question and in between rounds.
The teen’s identity has not been released, though San Bernardino County Sheriff’s officials did state the 17-year-old is being held at the High Desert Juvenile Assessment and Detention Center.
And it Reminded me that I hadn’t done a Music Post for a bit… So Here it is
…most Australian workers, over 8m in total, now have a private nest-egg for their old age. No tax is paid when members withdraw from their fund; they can take all they want as a lump sum, subject to a limit, or buy an annuity. Aussies are now a nation of capitalists. At the same time the state pension system, and therefore the taxpayer, is being progressively relieved of most of the burden of retirement provision, since eligibility for the state pension depends on both assets and income. As supers take over, the provision for old folks’ incomes will be almost entirely based on defined contributions, not defined benefits. So Australia is in the happy position of not having to worry too much about the pension implications of an ageing population… The supers…have created a pool of capital in Australia that might not otherwise have existed. Collectively worth about $1.3 trillion—much the same as GDP—they have made Australia the world’s fourth-largest market for pension savings.
Put down your iPad and get your cultured cap on for April. It’s hotting up this Easter in the art and design world, some perfect viewing for a free bank holiday…or two.
I think there are a great number of differences between True Blood Eric and book Eric, but I think both would rack up quite a few points on this test. Then again, vampires in general, at least any that would survive for any length of time, would seem predisposed to psychopathic tendencies. What’s your opinion? Is Eric a psychopath? And if he is, are all fangirls akin to women writing love letters to serial killers?
So let me ask you:
Goodness, now there’s a can of beans I can’t cook in a one-hundred and forty character message. I’m an emotional freak and I love to really dwell in my feelings. They are my strongest tools, I think and after time, I have learned to use them in my work. I always manage to transform the pain and sadness into a poem. It was a way to achieve a certain kind of self-expression, so it was never really wasted, I guess.
Titles on Amazon.co.uk – 9
The hoppiness of my Harvest IPA has finally settled-down somewhat. It's not so much of a hoppy punch in the face (when you take your first sip), anymore. It's a beer that I'll have one small glass of, (maybe) once per week, using it mainly as an aperitif. My buddies drink the sh*t out of it, though. I guess I only like real hoppy ales in the Summer.
When dose a taco Bell box, a piece of corrugated cardboard, and a grocery bag look like when you put them together? My take on the Moxie Fab Household item challenge.
Model: Sarah
Silly boys.
Filet Of Grouper With Fingerling Potatoes,
Where we used to live - near Maqueda (closer to Malaga city) we had a fire just down the track from us that lasted all afternoon and night. The bomberos left at about 9am and were back before lunch because it re-ignited. It was disgusting because it was paints and paint related chemicals. It came very close to our house in that instance. But again the whole thing was dealt with very efficiently.
He walked across the floor, eyeballing me in that way that pigeons do and scurrying under the desk when I got too close. Then, suddenly, he started to look up, bobbing his little head in all different directions. He squat down, spread his wings, and vocalized as he fluttered right back up to his cage.
Mr. Ratner scored a coup of sorts when he received the support of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, or Acorn, the advocacy group that has fought previous Forest City projects, which this time struck a deal to include a significant amount of moderate- and low-cost housing in the project.
Blog Post 2
I'm still struggling to find a book that agrees with me. I'm persevering with Alan Warners "The Stars in the Bright Sky", but it's a struggle. I've had Jo Nesbo's Snowman sitting by the bed since the summer, but I've been saving it for desperate times. I think desperate times are upon us. The Mrs thinks I'm a nutter for saving up books like that, she just gets stuck in and devours 'em, straight away. I'm a bit fed up with the marketing of Nesbo. Having been reading him for a couple of years I don't want people thinking I've only picked him up because, apparently, he is the new Larsson. He is miles better than Larsson for a start.
Dec 27th – REALLY needs to get away from the village. I can't get anything done. I haven't had a shower in a month. I want a REAL SHOWER, not one from a bucket. I want to wash my hair with clean water. I want a good night's sleep. This 3" foam mattress (and by foam I don't mean memory foam) is killing my back. Just two nights. I just want two nights. The next $75 in jewelry sales is going toward a vacation :)
so guess how my mom chose to spend her birthday?
1) While this may be a possible translation of the word eis, it is very unlikely in this context.
Simply put YOUR Pinterest Pin Board Permalink into the linky and show us what you have been pinning.
Re: “the Father has entrusted all judgment to the Son, that all may honor the Son just as they honor the Father. He who does not honor the Son does not honor the Father, who sent him.” We’re starting to get the Trinity thing more hashed out, now. Evidently Jesus is equal to God, not subordinate to him. And he clearly presents himself as a divine being, not just a prophet or an especially blessed human leader.
Matthew got out and opened her driver's side door for the last time, collecting CDs, old key rings, papers...finally her dented license plate. A Journey CD played on my van's radio as I watched him and cried. I was remembering life with Betsy - remembering lunch dates to our favorite Chinese restaurant when Matthew and I were first dating, remembering late night conversations and kissing sessions beneath her sun roof that lay open to the stars as her radio serenaded us, remembering carefree trips to San Antonio's River Walk when we were first married without kids, and recalling longer trips to New Mexico and Idaho when her interior was so crammed with kiddie stuff and luggage and Christmas gifts, there was barely room for us and our kids to move. Though the kids and I had long since moved our mobile selves from Betsy to the roomier minivan, I was remembering our life thus far in that sporty little car and how it had unfolded, and I was mourning her future absence from it.
The Ribs act as a lateral and rotational constrain and prevent any rotations or movements of the Upper Hemisphere with respect to the Internal Metal Ring. Thanks to the Ribs it is possible to screw together the Upper and the Lower Hemisphere. The Ribs are also crucial for what concern the Deployment System of the Parachute.
Does POP reflect your own personal style? It will but when buying stock, I have also had to keep in mind that I can’t just buy in the things that I absolutely adore. For example, not everyone loves skulls…Most of the brands I will have in are those that I have loved and followed for years and some of the newer labels I have been lucky to find through fashion blogs and Twitter. I’m so excited about being able to work with so many fantastic designers!
Then a few nights later I had decided to put her to sleep on her back. Well I usually put her to sleep on her side and I guess she didnt like laying on her back so she rolled over to her side, and with out her usually side-laying props, she managed to fall onto her stomach. I woke up to a baby sleeping face down and it gave me a heart attack (not literally of course but Im sure you can imagine my panic) but she was fine.
Alison has now started refusing to hold Lynn's hand when we walk. He is very disappointed and feels like we are digressing. I don't think so. I think she is feeling comfortable enough to express her wishes. She acts like she doesn't understand the translator at all. No response when we use it. She won't speak any English even to say "Hello David" or "Goodbye David". Her shyness is quite apparent. We will just have to be patient. I am not discouraged. This is such a major change for her. We are ok.
“You know where the rendezvous point is, son,” Pappy seemed annoyed.
The bag is classic in both style and colour and is perfect for both the office and weekends and will age beautifully.
All this happened at the beginning of February.
Young Keith and Charlii, that is.
~~~~~T~~~~~
I’d like to address each of the three causes for confusion.
'How not?' * queried Tartarus.
My baby sisters don’t remember a world without internet. They have a world where FaceBook controls every thing they do.
I had been so ready for it, when they came home, in 2008. Ready to watch and listen, and ready to love and ready to advise, and ready to recommend. I tried to give them space, but prod, under the radar. Were they ok? Were there counselors? Were those that were struggling ostracized? It's ok, you know...it's ok for all of that shit in Iraq not to settle within you.
So there it is: Shareology loves the Honeywell Women’s Council. That three-year experience was a key building block; in fact, after her HWC term, Shareology had so much spare time on her hands, that she decided to “take a few courses….” Well, dear readers, before you know it, Shareology was back in academia, beginning her MBA road.
Scriptures used:
One of the biggest eye-openers for me is how hard it is not to be able to buy something I crave. Often, I'll say to TSC, "What do you want for supper tonight?" or "I feel like roast chicken". Having to stick to a set menu is hard, and I can't imagine how tough it must be for those who really live under the bread line - they don't have the luxury of planning ahead what they'll eat. R12 a day is an average - not something you can bet on. So someone living in poverty might be able to earn R30 doing an odd job on one day, but then earn nothing for the next three.
My DESTINY is connected to my past BUT my destiny is surely greater than my past….
May and December – writing an m/m romance with an age gap.
I liked this better than a lot of the young LDI rye I've had. I appreciate that KBD bottled it at cask strength which is likely what makes it more interesting than many of the more watered down LDI ryes on the market. It's a fun one, at a good price, that's worth a try.
First, Is there really a need for things like this? I mean, I know this guy is probably just a smarmy huckster, but I’m sure some women will avail themselves of his service. And the whole premise of his helpful relationship tips is that women are frequently doin’ it rong. Hmmm. I think I take some issue with that.
The packaging is made out of 100% recycled material, and printed with soy ink which is better for the environment.
Stuckey held an impromptu press conference on the sidewalk outside ESDC headquarters at 633 Third Avenue. He described those protesting the mega-development as “some people who live close in not liking tall buildings.”
Yesterday was the local quilt and art festival in which The Aroboretum hosted and Stitchin' Heaven's customers sponsored the quilts hanging in the park. It was a beautiful day. The beautiful flowers and green everywhere was gorgeous. I woke up today refreshed and ready for something new. I didn't go out and buy anything new, I just rearranged what I had.
- Favorite Culinary Establishment in the New Brunswick Area?
It's time to give some major love to those that keep IHeart Organizing's lights on, and I couldn't be more excited to send them each virtual hugs, smooches and high fives for all they do!
One week he scared me, though I hate to admit it, and his threat of getting me on my way home from school forced me to walk an unpredictable, very roundabout, long way home. I did that for months, telling no one. It seemed to work and eventually he gave up and found a new victim.
Learning German is a lot less stressful than this.
Shire Klakavirki: Ameline
This is the time of year when things start to really change. The weather changes, people move, people get married, people finish school, people start new jobs. I’m the kind of person that would prefer things to never change at all, even if its for the better.
I find it to be very long-lasting under the eyes, with a nice non-creasy finish. It’s not bad on blemishes but not quite as long lasting and can (as with most concealers) dry spots a bit if worn all day. I always put a dot of moisturiser on a spot before I conceal it, which I find very effective in helping the concealer go on smoothly and not dry out through the day.
Too often, we think it’s enough to just go to church or be a “good” person. Maybe we just go to church because that’s what we’ve always done or because it’s the “right” thing to do. Maybe we go because everyone else does and it makes us look good. We may also think it’s enough to simply believe in God. James 2:19 says “You believe that there is one God. Good! Even the demons believe that—and shudder.”
*Prawn paste chicken or “shrimp paste chicken”: popular in Hong Kong-style restaurants in Singapore and Malaysia. Incorporates puréed shrimp and ginger juice into its breading mixture.
So I've been thinking about what my little challenges will be this month.
I am John Hansen, teenage crime author of several books including the flash fiction Lobotomy trilogy which currently stands on Smashwords with a five-star rating. I also own and operate a book blog, titled “The Incessant Droning of a Bored Author” where I host contests, review short stories, and discuss various aspects of writing novels. I always love to hear comments from fans about my books, blogs, or guest posts.
Furthermore, I didn't want to use just boring Cool Whip or whipped cream from a can. I wanted to make a whipped cream frosting that lasted for more than a few hours before collapsing. I figured gelatin would stiffen the cream enough so that it would last for a few days, but powdered gelatin doesn't taste very good. As I looked through my pantry, I noticed marshmallows. They have gelatin, so how bad could they be in a frosting?
We were nine. This was the same year a ten year old girl in our class started hysterically crying because she started her period. We knew next to nothing about sex and sexuality except it meant doom for the females.
Hello Folks!
and ran errands of all the places I have wanted to go in
That His grace is sufficient for us
Mom is not a fan of drums.
Without thinking at all about the strangeness of the mode of coding, we played the record, Patti Smith, Wave.
Friends of friends are all sooooo NICE and SOOO CUTE and soooo funny and sooooo smart! Except, that is, when they're not. Not that I don't beg my friends to set me up with their own rejections (if they are a woman) or competition (if they are a man) all the time, but still, we should really know what we are getting ourselves into.
We adopted Duchess at the end of August. She was thirteen years old and she had been living in the shelter for eight years. In the short time we had together, she became a loyal friend. She was never cross, even in her final days. I grieve for a dear, faithful,loving and affectionate friend. I loved her the moment I saw her photograph on Petfinder and I will love her for all eternity.
I am here and your heart is safe with me
Now, you're surely curious about the Elissa name and the sailing ship on the bottle. Here's Saint Arnold's explanation:
As educators we are being asked to prepare students for an ever changing world, a world that they do not really understand, nor can predict. The educational world in which students live is typically a ‘bubble’ away from the ideas, issues, concerns, events of the real world. Education, as I experienced it as a student, was a preparation to inherit this ever changing world, but the activities and learning for preparation had little to no significance for what I was about to do in the big wide world. The pathways in school were clear, a hierarchy of subject knowledge in place that would be most useful for me, and a production line of information poured into me. Knowledge equaled information. In Sir Ken Robinson’s book he extends the analogy of the student as empty vessel, but converts what I had always imagined to be an ornate ancient Greek pot, into a vessel with much greater currency…. a gas tank. In this analogy, students are the tank, and teachers are the attendants at a full serve gas station. When the students come into the station, teachers fill them up, and then the students go out into the world. But for some reason, we as teachers seem to almost convince ourselves that this gas station is the only one that students are going to need in their entire life, and students for some reason buy into this philosophy. The problem is, that eventually, these students, zipping around in the big wide world, are going to run out of gas, but they don’t recognize that their fuel gage is beeping crying out for them to return for another fill up. The reason for this aloof attention to detail is that students have become indoctrinated with the ‘right idea’, that there is a path to the ‘correct’ answer, that 1+1 always equals 2. Many people exit from school under the pre-tense that their fill up has provided them with the information that they need in order to be successful for the rest of their lives.
Professor : So, you believe in God?
If you Give My Husband a Paintbrush...
Before those two Thugs
If a weekend of writing, reflecting and enjoying the tastes and flavours of Bangalow isn't enticement enough, Sample magazine - the epicurean bible of the Northern Rivers - has offered to publish the best travel article written over the weekend in the travel section of the spring edition of the magazine. So not only will you experience what it takes to be a travel writer, you might even get published.
The aftermath
Soon the time comes and the train arrives.
Austin played some pretty NOT cheap games
This morning I walked Molls along a deserted beach where the tide was out. Seagulls squawked and fought over grubs in one corner of the sea, the wind whipped my face and the sky was a bluey grey, with storm clouds gathering over Stack Point.
Geoffrey Redmond, M.A., M.D.: Dr. Redmond is a biomedical scientist and practicing physician with a long interest in Chinese and Western metaphysics. Much of his work is concerned with understanding the persistence of traditional ways of thought in a world seemingly dominated by science. His most recent book, Science and Asian Spiritual Traditions (Greenwood Press 2008) explores the relationship of metaphysical and scientific thought in pre-modern China. He is the author of five previous books and over one hundred research articles. Doctor Redmond is a graduate of Cornell, the University of Virginia and Columbia University of Physicians and Surgeons. He lives in New York City with his wife, novelist and musician Mingmei Yip.
career, and pay his sister back for a loan that no amount of money
well, another 3 weeks have gone by and I've forgotten all about that little goal I made at the beginning of 2011.
A Friend
Not a soul is out there behind that door,
The cake was quite heavy, but not in a bad sense, just super chocolatey, rich and moist. I used 74% cocoa Lidl chocolate, which I thought worked really well, and roughly based my main icing on the Hummingbird Bakery's chocolate buttercream. I made a raspberry buttercream (just ordinary buttercream with some sieved raspberries) to sandwich together the layers. It added a great contrasting colour as well as a slightly tart flavour to cut through the rich chocolate.
will be forfeited and re-issued.
Ever told your child, "We'll do it tomorrow?"
Located in the fashionable Portobello area, Wall & Keogh is a refreshing change of pace and gives Dublin a place to socialise if bars and pubs aren’t your thing. With its quirky interior, relaxing outdoor area and cosy downstairs space, you soon feel at home, or at least you feel homely.
I could not, of course, catch Rajya Sabha TV live to follow the actual course of events. But today’s “uncorrected debates” made available on the Rajya Sabha website this evening (which you can read here) show that the House began discussion on the Copyright (Amendment) Bill, 2010 towards the end of the day. As speculated in an earlier post here, there was very little time to debate the Bill in any substantive way. As soon as the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha took up the Bill in the house, a few parliamentarians, notably Mr M V Mysura Reddy, raised a ‘Point of Order’. (A Point of Order is an issue raised in the course of parliamentary debate whenever it appears that a rule may have been broken. Usually, the issue has to be resolved before parliament may continue).
If you can’t cut spending, then just argue about it for a few decades. I call for an end to all bipartisan cooperation. Start giving me my money’s worth, congresscritters.
This bunch of dead people return a lot faster than usual and so Francesco and Gnaghi are kept busy putting down the zombie scouts. They also have to deal with Claudio’s girlfriend who has heard the rumour that the dead come back to life and she refuses to leave his grave. Claudio was buried with his motorbike and when he returns he does so riding his bike. Francesco can’t manage to shoot him and can’t do anything to stop his girlfriend riding off with him. When he catches up with them Francesco shoots Claudio but the bullet ricochets and kills his girlfriend too. Francesco think he could be in trouble but decides to bury the girl in Claudio’s grave anyway.
This post constitutes a desperate effort to end a two-month literary drought. If I just start typing, perhaps something akin to writing may emerge, despite the objections of my inner Truman Capote.
Considering it’s the first lap and the lab results weren’t fast-tracked, the shapes are becoming visible now behind the broken glass and sweating hardwoods. No surprises yet, really. But knowing this season and the almost psychedelic tremolo that surrounds the participants, we can hope for that depth and charisma back in full echo.
Curry powder- 3 tsp
It was her gasp that brought me back; I knew what I looked like, face covered in bruises, the scratch marks and the dark circles under my eyes from lack of sleeping. Maybe if she had seen all of the other damage he had caused she wouldn’t have left me alone with him.
There is a real lack attitude here when it comes to believing in your worth to actually become financially abundant. So many inane associations and teachings have prevailed against the overall attitude about money, but none more vacuous than the idea that there is a pie graph of money, that if some “rich guy” has a bunch, then there is less for you.
“As what has been known as the first true performance pickup truck to gearheads everywhere, the Dodge Lil’ Red Express offered the neglected enthusiasts of the late ‘70s a fresh canvas in which to mold the ultimate street machine. It would go on to become the fastest American performance vehicle of …”
I ordered several things today. Crib, mattress, changing table, glider, bedding, pack & play, and car seat. Can't wait to have a baby to put in them...
Before he went to Camelot, Griffin told me it would be a boring play. I was surprised. "Boring," I queried? "Yes" he said, "It's a play about a parking lot for camels." Well, didn't I walk into that one!
Of course, in Holder’s case, it’s not the “soft racism of low expectations” – it’s a blatant attempt to circumvent legitimate new laws in order to facilitate voter fraud.
and say hello! When I am not obsessing over color and fashion,
Choose your sunscreen wisely: Avoid any sun block with the vitamin A derivatives “retinol” or “retinyl palmitate”, PABA, parabens, oxybenzone, avobenzone, octisalate and triethanolamine.
That there’s not an Arby’s located in my home town.
Yeah but why eclectic?
Buttermilk - 1 1/2 cup
Paul McNeil (guitar)
Side Pockets:
For the first time in a pair of series, the Red Sox lost a series-- dropping this game and thus, the series, to the Oakland A's. Tonight was the major league debut of top prospect Will Middlebrooks and he first came up in the second inning-- walking on four pitches and stealing second base. There was no scoring for either team until the fourth inning. With one out, Yoenis Cespedes doubled into left-center and was promptly driven in by Seth Smith, who grounded a ball into right-center to make it 1-0 A's. Daniel Bard had been cruising along other than that fourth inning blemish, but in the sixth, things got much worse. With one out and a man on first for the A's, Seth Smith doubled to left on a ball that Cody Ross overran to make it 2-0. Kila Ka'aihue doubled down the first base line to score another run and then Brandon Inge doubled off the monster to make it 4-0 in the fourth, Inge would be Bard's last batter.
11. R. Falcao (Atletico Madrid): Age: 26 Gls: 17 – WGR: 1.07
This is part of a series. Are they any special challenges when writing for a series?
Thanks for stopping by Today! Scrap the love of family and friends before the memories fade away!
Copyright protection is a set of law formed in the United States and the rest of the countries all over the world which reserves exclusive rights to the “authors of original authorship and work”. The copyright protection extends its wings to the dramatic, literary, artistic, musical, and other intellectual crafts. Such protection is basically granted to both the unpublished and published works.
New Testament people included in these sets:
I know, the post title sort of implies that I'm an addict but this isn't going to be me spilling my guts about my drug, sex, gambling or high-speed race car addiction. Maybe next time.
The second argument concerns Israel’s humanitarianism, in particular, Israel’s response to a refugee crisis. Not the Palestinian refugee crisis -- for I am sure that the other speakers will cover that -- but the issue of Darfurian refugees. Everyone knows that what happened and is still happening in Darfur is genocide, whether or not the UN and the Arab League will call it such. (I actually hoped that Mr. Massih would be able to speak about -- he's actually somewhat of an expert on the crisis in Darfur, in fact, it's his expertise that has called him away to represent the former dictator of Sudan while he is being investigated by the ICC.)
COOK on LOW 4 to 6 hours or until liquid is absorbed. Sprinkle with remaining cheeses; let stand, covered, 10 min. or until melted.
The Cultural Tour of Rajasthan, each City of Rajasthan is rich in culture, this tour is a medium of introducing the cultural heritage of this state to the world. The tour package is for 15 days and 16 nights, the package starts from the capital of India that is Delhi moving towards Rajasthan starting from the city of Marwada, Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Kumbhalgar, Udaipur, Kota, Bundi, Ranthambore, Jaipur and finally back to Delhi. The package includes your daily breakfast during the tour, pickups and drops from the airport, railway stations and hotel, all state taxes, parking and other fees, accommodations charges, traditional Rajasthani dinner at ethnic resorts and other facilities.
While having lunch with my BFF—the absolute smartest person I know, besides me* (obviously), I enjoyed two epiphanies. Actually, I didn't enjoy them so much as I was unhinged by them. And since BFF also serves as my personal GPS (Global Perspective Sister), her trademark poignant line of questioning assured that I would locate my epiphanies somewhere over Pollo Enchiladas and Fish Tacos. When last we found me there, I was crying into a bottle of cerveza and pondering the mating habits of sand crabs, where I left my cover-up, and why zinc oxide can't just be clear.
7) Take a tour
There are literally dozens of complementary therapies to treat FM and its associated symptomsref 5. They include, but are not limited to: physical therapy, therapeutic massage, myofascial release therapy, water therapy, exercise and physical activity, acupressure, application of heat or cold, acupuncture, yoga, relaxation exercises, breathing techniques, aromatherapy, biofeedback, herbs, hypnosis, nutritional supplements, and osteopathic or chiropractic manipulation. Of these, exercise is the only treatment approach that has been tested in randomized controlled clinical trials and shown to improve fitness, self-assessment of improvement, and reduce tender point countsref 10, 11. Nonetheless, anecdotally persons with FM have reported significant improvements in symptoms with complementary approaches. Even if the benefits of such approaches derive from placebo effects, it is valuable to encourage persons with FM to explore the range of different treatments and thereby take an active role in the management of their disease"
An interpreter was in court to translate, (at the taxpayer's expense of course), the proceedings for Zinca and his father, who has eight children and receives around £460 per week in state benefits!
i used a 1" circle punch and also cut out a couple larger sizes -
Peanut Dipping sauce
He also challenged the congregation to ask themselves if there were any places in their lives that God Himself had to act… places where if He doesn’t act, everything will fall apart… places where He can use your life to prove His power and His glory. For me, that place is this entire season. I HATE change. There is nothing that frightens me more than the thought of fundraising and financial instability. But when God is clearly leading me to move, change, and grow, I desire to run toward His call.
Have fun checking out what your Hobbit name would be, and if you want, come back here to share it.
Our last morning we drove to this wonderful bakery and we had a pastry and coffee! Just look at what we had to choose from ! I just had to take a picture of the 2 Mother's Day cakes and had on display.
“Will you be happy?”
Life goes on regardless. Some days all I want to do is lie about and watch the television. It is my sole companion much of the time now.
You’ve all heard of America’s Next Top Model right? Ok, good. And you all know that there’s also a Canada’s Next Top Model right? Ok, awesome! Now that I’ve got that out of the way, it’s time for the awesome news! (no, no I am not going to become a contestant on either show hahaha…I like food waaaay too much to become a model lol.)
‘U R MY JAAN’ which hits the theatres on 23rd September 2011 should be a welcome refreshing change to romance, excellent music and herald the era of successful films under the banner of Aron Govil Productions Pvt. Ltd.
stamps: Delicate Doilies, Nature Walk
“We must make this an insecure and inhospitable place for capitalists and their projects. We must reclaim the roads and plowed land, halt dam construction, tear down existing dams, free shackled rivers and return to wilderness millions of acres of presently settled land.”
9 Land of Hope and Dreams (with Tom Morello)
Our oldest daughter Graduated High School a year early!
The lawsuit has been working its way through the courts for twelve years now, leaving a variety of unsavory details in its wake. A series of emails between senior Secret Service agents became public in 2008 — they included sexual jokes about black and American Indian people; a message titled “Harlem Spelling Bee” that listed supposed “black” definitions of words; and a video clip of an interracial couple being surrounded by Ku Klux Klan members. Desmond Hogan, a lawyer for the suit’s plaintiffs, said the emails confirmed that “there is a culture of racism at the Secret Service.”
the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
At the epicentre of the nexus of talent that includes Chase & Status, Nero, Wretch 32, Skream and Benga, Gleave fervently feels that the mainstream success of the UK’s homegrown urban/bass scene represents a year zero for British music.
The Development Control Group of the URA puts out detailed Development Control Parameters that guide what can and cannot be developed in Singapore, depending on the type of development the area is zoned for. Broadly speaking, we can classify it into two major parts, Residential and Non-Residential developments.
Adirondack Brewery
And they can rock too: ‘Shelley’ cooks with Stonesy guitars, ‘I’m the One’ takes us back to the humid Melbourne days of Camilleri’s hit band, Jo Jo Zep and The Falcons, ‘Waitin for the Hammer’ bristles with Stax soul excitement. Unlike too many double- or triple-album sets (of which it is often said that they would have made one great single album), every song here counts; the riches on Crooked Little Thoughts are many and varied. The moods, colours and stories here are tied together by something as simple as ‘heart’ – all the characters, streets, towns, kisses and sads are real, and very human.
Also amongst the official feature selections at Raindance is the product of a bold attempt by British filmmaker James Fair and his crew to shoot, edit and screen a feature film in 72 hours during the 2010 Melbourne International Film Festival. The Ballad of Des and Mo relates the tale of a happy Irish couple who embark on a second honeymoon in Australia, but are faced with lost luggage, an unforgiving ATM and an Antipodean adventure. Billed as a film about love, luggage and living on the edge, it shows at Raindance on Sunday October 8, the same day as I’ve Got This Idea for a Film, a documentary following Fair and his crew as they embark on their near-impossible mission.
Ken, the rent is now 12 days past due, as per the rental agreement, I will be adding a $25 late fee, which is now due! You cannot deduct anything from the rent without approval from me. You called me late friday evening and I had a licensed contractor out to repair the toilet first thing the next morning. You are not authorized to make ANY repairs to the apartment without my permission. The contractor also stated that the only way the toilet could have broke is if something very heavy fell against it, so I could charge you for the new toilet and repairs!
Onaje Allan Gumbs and Kenny Kirkland on keyboards,
The next two venues for the show, in Australia and Toronto, are museums specializing in the moving image—film-based museums. So they changed the emphases and flow of the show. In Australia they used projected film clips which hadn’t been used in New York, and in Toronto they began with some of the early feature films rather than the student drawings.
I just cracked open what may be the next plane, a Fokker DR.1. It's another Airfix, but the quality is horrible compared to the Pup. More to come as I continue...
Gazing into the smoke filled shadows
sourced from the internet!
This is a photo of my dad and me on our three-week-road trip to Alaska. This photo is in front of Northwestern Glacier in the Kenai Fjords. The Seward area was my favorite part of the trip. I have this photo on my wall in my apartment for a couple reasons. I am dying to drive to Alaska again, and this is a good reminder! Secondly, to remind me of all the amazing adventures I’ve had because of my amazing dad. He is who has instilled the sense of wanderlust and adventure that I have. For any of my readers that have the opportunity to travel with their parents I highly recommend it. It’s a great time to bond with them, get to see a different side of them and my favorite part is learning and experiencing new things together. You really just appreciate them ten times more.
Hiding under the Rainbow
In a quite comedy element, especially if you a) have a brain, b) have actually read them, c) are not a moron, d) like to encourage some thought, you will laugh at Phillip Pullman appearing second on the US banned books list. This means a lot of people tried to have his books banned in case, you know, someone has a thought about something. You can read about it in the Guardian here. This might suggest that the books ought to come highly recommended, hint, hint.
So I took his hand and dragged him out of the doorway. I saw he had a nerf gun but I didn't really know how to use them that well so I left the gun behind (which I regretted later) and I exited the room. I ran down the hall cautiously and peered around the corner. I saw a guard sleeping by another room. I ran up and quickly tapped him three times he fell dead I propped him so it looked like he was still sleeping. I peered into the room he was guarding and there was the final target BUT WTF? The room had red yarn strung across it back and forth from floor to ceiling. I was not a contortionist. Apparently if I had brought the nerf gun I could have shot the final target through the "lasers". I found out later my partner had been killed eliminating the other guards that had been roaming the halls. At that point another guard came out of the room and starting yelling alarm and I was caught - my game was over. I ended up placing 7th out of 33. Pretty good for someone who had never done it before! HA! (I think I scared my husband!)
Except for a business obligation yesterday, I may not have done so for a long time.
Me.... "It's OK son we aren't here to talk about anything bad only the good."
All of them, giving voice.
Remove the cakes from the frying pan and place them on paper towels to drain.
There are some things one shouldn't do, while running for office:
The blog Gowanus Lounge reminded me of that sensibility. If you don't know it's a blog whose view was the Gowanus section of Brooklyn and whose focus seemed to be all things in the world that effected Brooklyn and vice versa. The blog presented a stream of thought provoking neighborhood news, upcoming events and lighthearted features such as the "Street Couches Series" where they'd post a photo of couches that for reasons left to the imagination, furnished the curbside. I enjoyed the challenge posed by the Street Couch Series to look at more than just the literal and apply my imagination to something others might regard as worn and past it's prime. That's how I took it anyway.
If I am to rid myself of anything that may contaminate body or spirit, then there is no room in my life for jealousy, bitterness, resentment, selfishness, or anger. The Bible says I am ALWAYS called to practice gentleness, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, and self-control. Someone else's sin -- even sin of my spouse against me -- NEVER gives me the right to respond with sin. I am called to only ONE motivation: reverence for God.
From You Tube:
So if the shoulder is anchored with the muscles, tendons and ligaments, where does the shoulder joint pain come from? There are two common causes of shoulder joint pain. The first is when the soft tissues are disrupted as a result of an injury or over use of the shoulder. The other is when a degenerative process such as arthritis breaks down the tissues and these tissues no longer function as well.
Despite rallying on Saturday, Her Majesty went down for the count on Sunday--her fever returned, as did the lethargy and sad eyes and clinginess. I hoped that it might be temporary, but she was still running a fever just above 100 on Sunday night. I was thinking, maybe bronchitis, or some kind of secondary infection from what was obviously a virus that both W.B. and she had last week.
I think everyday language, however, is often more obscure than the difficult to parse language I use here. My poetry is dense, but in a different way: one that involves expressionistic juxtaposition and odd imagery. I suppose using convoluted syntax, and somewhat arcane, technical language is a bad habit I picked up from continental philosophy, but in also, in a perverse way, ensures that when people understand me, they actually understand me. What is frustrating though is that the assumption of understanding can’t be made most of the time.
2) Organize my desk at home, which has reached epic status...and not in a good way! My closet as well!
So what else in politics is new…
No one likes to be proved wrong. Especially in public. For some time yet, certain people will be busy flogging the dead horse of Neanderthal introgression. Will they find anything? Undoubtedly. Anything to do with intelligence or artistic creativity? Probably not.
Total Lunar Eclipse 15 June 2011
Exped stuff sac (attached to the top of the rear rack)
5-9 - Mick Rock
The EDL's leaders say the movement isn't racist - but many of the placards were pretty offensive to the few ordinary Muslims who saw them. And with the British National Party suffering internal battles, the organisation is now attracting the attention of a wide spread of international far right anti-Islamic activists.
My entree was salmon and scallop over Asian noodles. This is no longer in their menu as I had to check the menu online to make sure I was getting the prices correctly. If I'm not mistaken this was around $24-26. My husband's dinner was the special of the night and my little point and shoot couldn't handle the lowlights so no good photos of his meal.
8:00 a.m.: ORTM begins its broadcast day with a repeat of last night’s Journal Télévisé, followed by educational and cultural programs.
As an aside, Standard happens to be the same L.A.-based architecture firm responsible for many (if not all) of the very spare, art gallery-like retail outlets of t-shirt tycoon James Perse as well as an L-shaped and art gallery-like 1 bedroom and 1.75 bathroom residence in The Birds owned by Mister Perse and currently on the market with a $3,750,000 price tag.
The youth group went on a prayer walk this week. They took their cameras along to take photos of places of desolation and consolation.
01 Love Will Tear Us Apart
Unresolved blast from the past
7) I am very intuitive. I have "known" of deaths, miscarriages, and baby genders of those who are close to me before they happened.
It has been a bit over 3 years that I started making my feelings and they changed my life tremendously.
Messenger and Advocate: An official publication of the church between 1834 and 1837 intended to proclaim church doctrine. (Note: The Messenge and Advocatet is no longer considered official or doctrinal.)
Thats it for tonight folks. I have a few things to add to my candy which I will show you soon.
Expected publication: April 24th 2012 US/ May 4th UK by Harlequin Teen.
Medical Service
Sometimes I wish all of us depended on the human in us and on our personal values to decide how our world can be without waiting for anything to be enforced on us.
picking honey suckle
It’s as simple as that. So mix it up! Keep things fresh and your readers won’t get frustrated… or bored. Now we can move on to topic number two.
In that case...could we at least have it run right? As I pointed out in a recent post, the current PLCB administration has presided over an absolute Carnival of FAIL. Can they be held responsible? I think they can. Check the new poll: PJ and Joe Da CEO should resign, or be fired. It's reached that point. As a "shareholder" in this cockamamie "business"...how do you vote?
His gift is still up in the air - thinking of getting him Yankee's tickets .. since he's a die hard fan! - only problem is that were "use" to 2nd row off the field, right at the 3rd base, at the old stadium - now at the new stadium the tickets are CRAZY $$$ (and we seem to have lost our 'connection' to the seats) .. we both have yet to make a game at the new stadium, not like i'm holding my breathe to go (ummm i hate baseball), but i know he'd enjoy going! ... or thinking maybe Devils vs Rangers tickets for next week's game?? ... or things for his boat??? ... or maybe just stuff for his softballs games??? (new bat, new pants, things like that) ... i'll let him decide
Flybe, UK’s largest domestic carrier and short haul European carrier has recently updated its website, brought on a new non-executive director and banished evil debit card charges from its bookings. What with a new ‘Making Flying Better’ slogan, perhaps they mean what they say!
A lot can change in a year and still remain the same.
1. start by cutting a toilet paper roll in half length wise.
HAVE YOUR PROTEST MAIL HAND-DELIVERED!
Two weeks ago
OK, now for the next one (I'm on a roll...), possibly called Fat Cat after a cat (yes it was fat) my parents had when I was younger...
Step 5: Glue the wrapper around the candy bars and assemble basket. I used a hot glue to add just a dab of glue and they stuck really well.
And if you really are concerned about another person's weight, please actually talk to them. Don't try to get the message across in side comments and little hints. If it's a serious issue, then make it a serious talk.
(all products for #1 & #2 plus...)
I am so excited to feature the new and innovative Spellbinders M-Bossabilities folders! These are unique reversible folders, with 2 separate yet coordinated embossing patterns for twice the designs and double the value! The folders simply flip over, so easy to use! There are 20 new folders, each with 2 designs, and they come in 2 sizes, 5 x 7” and 4 ¼ x 5 ½” for all your paper crafting needs!
You can spend little to no money by having a date at home with that special someone. Put the kids to bed early and the two of you can be all alone.
Just long enough for her to tell me about Riversingers by Tom Moorhouse. "It's about water violes," Catherine told me. "A sort of Wind in the Willows for the 21st century."
The element of the uncanny reminded me of the Viktor and Rolf retrospective exhibition at the at the Barbican Gallery in London in 2008 in which porcelain dolls of various sizes were used to present the designer duo’s fifteen years of work. The installation played with scale and was somewhat like a trip to Alice in Wonderland, which was exactly the intent of the exhibition designers (Evans 6).
Looks a little plain and sad with out the pepitas! The color is astounding.
Unlike when you are on a trail and decide you are done and still have to get back to your car. And lets face it, everyone has a day now and then when what is distance or time is less than what was planned. Even has an emergency cord!
But many have asked us, "what now?"
- In a small bowl, mix 1/2 c greek yogurt, 1/4 c lemon juice, 1/4 c honey and 1/4 c dil
How do you guys feel about Endermen. I imagine that we all share the same feeling. Well, one person decided to create a little “tribute” to our dear friend, the Enderman. You may have seen some of his videos before. They are known to be quite…explosive. Let’s take a look.
ALL BUT A MIRAGE
Christmas is a perfect time for all bakes and cakes hit the most of all.Kerala Plum cake is one recipe is which I always miss after coming to US.I always had my mom's version of cake and liked it the most .But far away from parents and now as a parent ,I felt the necessity of baking this cake now.It was a real sweet one to impress everyone at home to bring back the memories of Kerala.This recipe is the true version of mom 's recipe and the aroma of the cake spreads throughout the room by the time we finish baking the cake.I prefer this cake the most to all other cake recipes even icing ones and friends,it really tastes great !!
Yes! They (the Muslims) used to be afraid: (1) of their sins and (2) from the disobedience of Allah (swt), more than they used to be afraid of their enemy or their enemy’s great number and mighty weapons, as we find ‘Umar bin AlKhattab (raa) saying: (in his letter to the Commander S’ad bin Abi Waqqas, when he sent him for the conquest of Persia):
Pixies Monkey gone to heaven US
2 Tablespoons spices and herbs - basil, oregano, caraway seeds - was todays choice
But five years on, it’s yielding unexpected benefits. Nevermind that that $240 million investment will be worth $1.6 billion if Facebook goes public at a $100 billion valuation. This alliance goes deeper. Microsoft can lend Facebook a presence in search that it lacks now, and enhance its presence to online advertising. And not just that. After Yahoo moved to sue Facebook for patent infringement, Facebook paid Microsoft $550 million for patents it recently bought from AOL. This is a keiretsu in action.
How about the longest time it took you to complete a set once you started?
I explained to her that this was not what I needed and asked her to please cancel the prescription. And so now I will be waiting until Monday, in a decent amount of pain, to call the doctor's office to try to figure out how in the name of Hell the Nurse managed to misunderstand this particular request, especially when I WAS JUST THERE LAST WEEK and the Vicodin is the only medication they have called in lately.
Hi everyone, Penang Uncle is back from vacation! I have a problem with Google Chrome 18 today, it keep on crashing event thought with just less than 10 tabs, so I switch back to FireFox 11 now. It is better than wait slowly with FireFox than restarting Chrome everything it crash. Sigh.
And no rock
And yet you have to. Unless conflict is to continue for generation after generation, you have to move on. How?
Here I made bold to suggest that the evil he complained of was one which would soon remedy itself, and that the population of London quite sufficient to support both modes of transit.
“Have you ever stopped to think what fun this business of living can be? If you haven't, and if you are one of those who insist upon believing that life is humdrum, grim and boring, then I'm afraid this department is not for you. For I don't believe any such thing. I know that we can all free ourselves and live our lives fully, zestfully and joyfully!”
I'd love to hear some of your favorite names, so please do comment!
-mixed into Pork Roast, Taters, and Carrots
“A food additive petition has been submitted to the FDA for the artificial sweetener neotame. In that petition, the sponsor claims the data presented demonstrate that the compound produces no adverse effects at a dose of 1000 mg/kg/day in the rat. The sponsor also claims that the product should be safe for patients with diabetes. A review of the data submitted to the FDA does not support these conclusions.
I have bitten back tears
Trevor Kidd
one for teens and one for adults--that will talk about this.
Same old bodies out in front,
“I know honey, I’m sorry,” The space heater whirred in the thick silence. Kathleen turned her head and rested it on Claire’s hand, painfully aware that this might be the last intimate touch she’d ever feel. Now her eyes were wet too, though she would never let Claire see her that way. “Remember to send Nate down for Jeopardy later. He beat me on the Final Jeopardy last night, can you believe that? He got every single one of the Revolutionary War questions right. I think we have a genius on our hands. Must take after me!”
Emotions can influence bad choices. Teens do things to stay in favour of the people they think matter. And to align themselves with the things that they think matter.
Plant work and manufacturers created 120,000 jobs in the first three months of the year. Ford Motor is doing their part; the car company added 5,500 jobs this year that were previously outsourced. Ford reacquired the production of certain high-tech components used to assemble hybrid cars—like battery packs and transmissions—from Japan and Mexico. But automakers aren’t the only ones bringing jobs back to the states; mega corporations and small private companies alike are reclaiming jobs.
Hat tip to Frances Bula for the link to the disclosure docs. If you’re a geek for city politics, you need to be reading her excellent blog.
12 - By The Light Of Day
Damm S. A. Estrella Damm Inedit
The dedication at the beginning concludes:
It tells her of a strength
The Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness.
Stay Excellent!
You can't await your own arrival
Within the few months the city ran out of food. Grocery stores were robbed of the last supplies of goods, and people’s personal supplies were not enough to sustain regular meal patterns. People began to empty out their fridges and freezers because all the food began to rot. The smell of roasted meat briefly permeated the air as Sarajevan’s were forced to use up all of the previously stored food. Neighbors shared copious amounts of meat, milk and eggs so that they would not be wasted. Olja,Adisa, Vedran and I , friends from kindergarten, sat and shared our knowledge of starvation picked up in numerous WWII movies.
On the other side of the coin is Atheism. I like to think that I’m a pretty rational person. I believe in science and I’ve heard many good cases against the existence of a God as well. Science is wonderful and it’s useful. It’s important to understanding ourselves and the world around us. There is so much beauty in the understanding and complexities in our world that it is almost religious in it’s extreme awe and wonder. I am positively astounded by the facts as giant as space down to something as incredible as the atom. And how they all come together to create this existence we call life. I can fully understand why people believe that there is no god and how we are nothing but a part of this swirling blue ball because of almost being ‘in the right place at the right time’.
Today was a particularly challenging day in the classroom. Not that there were behavioural issues that I couldn't handle, or too much work to cover. As normal, there were spats to sort out and social groups to negotiate in the playground; the challenging issue of keeping everybody working and happy regardless of ability level or concentration span; a threatening wet-day timetable. But every teacher worth their salt faces these situations every day. Every teacher I know is just as much a social worker and parent-figure as they are an educator.
Well I think we are all ready for back to school now!!!! Thanks for sharing all of your AMAZING creations with us this week!!! And as always a big thanks to Simon Says for helping us with such a fun challenge!!!!
Whether that is caused by the drug itself or poor household conditions is what the researcher wants to find out.
On Monday when she arrived there was still a ton of snow everywhere, but thanks to a few 80 degree days this week (yes, you read that right), we have almost none. So, we went out to Lake Superior on Saturday to take a few pictures. There are only a few signs there that it is still supposed to be winter, like the little bit of ice that is left on shore. And I am not complaining!
If you’re at the top, kudos, send some tips down. I don’t envy you anymore because I know you’ve done the groundwork already.
Six B's
-A kitchen that is already laid out well
It can be gobbled up immediately or stored in an airtight container up to 3 days. Their texture are great because they hold together perfectly to slice, yet are tender and tasty.
SANTORUM: I’ll be happy to give you the study. Five times the rate it has gone up. Why? Because people are ready to pay a cheaper fine and then be able to sign up to insurance, which are now guaranteed under “Romney-care,” than pay high cost insurance, which is what has happened as a result of “Romney-care.”
Tel: 081380006789 or 021-7207112
3 Steps to Converting Neighbors Into Loyal Customers
As you can see, I am wearing that shirt every day. Because when something's true, you should proclaim it from your chest every. single. day.
I understand your perspective, but we are unable to waive the cost associated with your request. The process I have outlined is our standard practice. Take care - Annemarie Annemarie Seifert, Ph.D. Associate Vice Chancellor for Student Development
Job 13:23–How many are my iniquities and sins?
So even if I am the odd unsettled relative, my sister and my parents understand. I will dedicate this next set of photos to them, for their love and in getting me to places I couldn't have gotten to by myself. I look forward to sharing these images with you soon.
Comme un secret d'amour
who is growing up so quickly.
First off, I have started a list of things I need to organize. I’m sure it will grow even more as I realize how unorganized my house it! I printed off the ’52 weeks of Organizing’ list that Laura from Organization Junkie.
The Obama administration, despite the nation’s economic woes, effectively killed the job-producing Keystone Pipeline last month. The Arab Spring is turning the oil production of Libya and other Arab nations over to the Muslim Brotherhood. Iraq is distancing itself from the U.S. And everyone recognizes that Iran, whose crude supplies are critical to the European economy, will do anything it can to frustrate America’s strategic interests. In the face of all of this, Obama insists on cutting back U.S. oil potential with outrageous restrictions.
architecture, its internal capabilities, extension points, and support complex activities
I feel a lot of connection with this. I wasn't a creative writer in college, I didn't take comparative literature classes or English classes, there were students who were into the avant-garde and I was into smoking pot and going to frat parties and generally, fucking up, terribly fucking up, not in the admirable way Susie Bright describes here the slut-dyke-punk scene in California in the late 70s which reminds me of Lidia's story "Loving Dora" that I will write about in next post!, I was never part of a subculture, if anything my friends in high school were more akin to a Trench Coat Mafia pre-Columbine, we were the losers, the misfits, we got good grades and listened to Nine Inch Nails and Trent Reznor and had bonfires on the beach where we smoked cigarettes but were never going to be the thinkers, the visionaries, because we were disciplined so harshly by our parents to be good, we rebelled in other ways, cliched ways, secret ways, because parental consent was so important to us.
My Husband: Really? I thought we didn't have a name picked out it if had been a boy.
the naked truth can be ugly
Oor Ghana het die CIA die volgende te sê:
“He has this capability every time he steps to the mound,” manager John Farrell told MLB.com. “When you combine a well-above-average fastball with the command that he showed (Saturday) in addition to three other off-speed pitches, he has the ability to not only take over the game, but dominate the opposition.”
Having a baby is brilliant.
Gavin went for the brill (£22.50) and I'll admit that if I had been served it, I would have been disappointed, but then I came to St John for the meat, not the fish. He had a decent chunk of perfectly cooked fish, served on the bone and Gav was happy with his choice. There was a salad of chicory which was pretty bitter and took some work from Gav to finish.
Good thing for me, that me and my family has never been big on Christmas gifts, it was never a tradition for us to exchange gifts, but I did try to at least bake some Christmas goodies to give for friends. Last year, it was extremely last minute, I baked some stuff the night before the last day of work to distribute to some coworkers. Then, I promised myself to plan better next year (which is this year) and bake lots of different goodies, I've already had a list of what I want to make and believe me, there are tons and they're all sounds so good! Now that "next year" is finally here, here I am being in the same situation as last year, if not worse. It's only days before Christmas and here I am typing a small part of this draft post on Sunday at work in between firmware builds, so sad I know.
I had a friend who was a regular cast member with Lambda Psi Phi, the cast that performed at Blackwell Theater (then later at a sister theater when Blackwell went out of business, then at another theater after the second one went out of business, and so on), so I asked about joining up.
“I want an apology, not for me, but so one day I can play this video back for my son and say Akian, you didn’t deserve anything that happened to you,” he says in the video. “I’m not going to sue anybody. I’m not going to file a lawsuit. It’s not about money. It’s about dignity. This is to reclaim my son’s dignity.”
This may not be a terribly in-depth look at SMUG, but it's what I can do right now.
This is a new must make for a party.
-I have lost almost 20 pounds! I participated in a local weightloss challenge and took third place and I feel so good.
As both a Canadianan, living in New York since 1989, and a member of the creative class, I’ve absolutely felt the sting of this terrible recession. My last staff job, as a reporter for the New York Daily News, the nation’s sixth-largest paper, ended in 2006.
Money! It makes the world go round, well, that and gravity. Probably more of the gravity than the money…
Beside these marvelous resorts the name comes that can never be ignored is Solluna Resort In Corbett, Wild Trail Resort In Corbett, Tarika Resort In Corbett, Corbett Escape Resort In Corbett, Wood Castle Resort In Corbett, Manu Maharani Resort In Corbett infect Manu Maharani is one of the best resort in Corbett.
Gehry said that the site "would use a variety of materials so they don’t look like they've all been done by one person, they don't look like a project, they look like they grew over time. Then the public spaces, how to orchestrate those. And then the issue of--an arena needs bells and whistles and whoop-de-do, and then you are in a residential district and how do you orchestrate that so that the people in those apartments that we're going to build aren't plagued? If a guy comes home from work and wants to cool out, he's not barraged with imagery and bright lights. And so there's a whole bunch of sensitivities. How do you do that, how do you make it come alive for the game and solve the problem of identity for this basketball team and I hope someday a hockey team." (The Toronto-reared Gehry’s a hockey fan.)
155 – Olivier Aubin-Mercier (1-0) submits Guy Poulin (1-1) via rear-naked choke at 0:58 of Round 1.
Still, I'm fluctuating about how to deal with this mess. I know I completed the online registration. January 8, 10:30 a.m. has been in my head and on my ical and in my book since mid-November. Grey also had it written down. I've discussed G&T ad nauseum with every other parent of a preschooler. But, for weeks I've also had no idea which testing site I chose. I called the Dept. of Ed. the morning before the test, (friendliest, most competent, and sympathetic representative ever) and there was no record of my registration. He wanted to know if I'd received a confirmation email or a letter with the details of my appointment. But isn't this just like everyone asking if you'd backed up your piece after the document disappears? No, I hadn't received anything. He was so sorry that there was nothing he could do. Reluctantly, I had to agree. The deadline was long past. That was it. No gifted and talented test.
As their romance deepens there’s one question they can’t ignore: How are they supposed to be together if Vincent can’t resist sacrificing himself to save others? Although Vincent promises that he’ll do whatever it takes to lead a normal life with Kate, will that mean letting innocent people die? When a new and surprising enemy reveals itself, Kate realizes that even more may be at stake—and that Vincent’s immortality is in jeopardy.
May your evenings be warm and lanternlit, and all England's puddles freeze in the December sun.
7.I really don't like the town I live in, but I bought a house here! Totally ironic? Yes. I'm just hoping everyone around my age or younger will move away since they hate it all here just as much as everyone else does. Maybe then I can enjoy our little retirement town.. ;)
The second part of my understanding this came during a workshop I attended a couple of years later with the famous ‘psychic barber’ Gordon Smith. He and his co-host Billy Cook ran a day of activites which included having us pair up with other participants and try and give them a reading. This was the first time I had done ‘normal’ mediumship without going into trance and was a new experience for me. I described 3 people to the woman sitting in front of me and she kept saying no to everyting I shared and stared at me blankly. This was very discouraging. When we were later asked to change to a new partner, I felt very strongly drawn to an Indian woman and asked to read for her. As we began I got the exact same faces coming to me and said.. “for some reason I’m getting the same people as I got for the last lady, sooo… I’m just gonna go with it okay and we’ll see what happens”. Amazingly, all 3 of the spirits were positively described and recognized by the woman who said that she’d hoped she would hear from these people that day. Her pushy deceased friend and relatives had actually hijacked another lady’s reading and jumped the queue!
ARTFEST was everything and more than I had heard. It's creative, it's magical..it's, it's, it's..hard to explain if you weren't there. The very first day..I dropped my bags in my room and went to check out the upstairs..who's standing there chatting in the Madrona kitchen..OMG..Danielle Daniel and Mindy Lacefield. I'm sure I was standing there dumbfounded it took me so off guard! Meeting so many people that I had known for a long time in online workshops, meeting so many of the fabulous teachers, taking workshops...sitting around discussing our adventures at the end of the day. Our housemates were a wonderful mix of talented artists and amazing women. Ilene Heyman Harris, Megan Thompson, Janna Sammons and her adorable sister in law Betsy, Jaci Swarts, Ronna Perry Currier, Pam Holderman, Elene Nosyreva, Danielle Daniel, Francesca DiLeo, Lyn Tiverten, Carlanda Williamson, Jodi Kincaid and me!
A few months ago, I found miniatures to dazzle in the Paris Balenciaga shop.
Bridal Makeup Looks
As we always get with Tarantino flicks, there are plenty of homages and influences seen here and they all work perfectly. The whole film is basically one big kung-fu movie that reminded me of the days when I would just sit home and watch all of these Bruce Lee flicks where he would be either taking on 50 dudes at once (no homo), or he would be getting kicked in the chest by one of Lew Alcindor’s big feet. I can definitely tell that Tarantino did the same thing when he was a little kiddy and his inspiration just runs throughout this whole flick with a giddy and original feel to it. However, it’s not just kung-fu movies that this flick seems to be harking back to, you get a bunch of blaxploitation homages, spaghetti western moments where the score is just over-powering, a random ass anime scene that may seem weird but is just as brutal as the rest of the flick, and even a little bit of nods to his own previous work such as Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. I don’t know how he does it but Tarantino is the master at taking everything he knows and loves about movies, and putting them all into one crazy and madly original flick.
3 cloves minced garlic
So we stay just a few more minutes.
As sharp as ice and flame in me,
Now, I could go on and on about the women in “School Days”. The fact that the women seem so overly attached to this one guy and how that’s an incredibly unhealthy relationship. However, I can’t look at this through a feminist lens. This is a story from a dating sim. Dating sims are largely geared towards a male audience… and it’s a Japanese dating sim on top of it that’s about 7 years old. While Japan has made some forward steps as far as women’s rights are concerned, it’s still an entirely different society from what we’re used to.
SCHABAS RE. Mass influenza vaccination in Ontario: a sensible move. JAMC 2001; 164: pp.
But first, Sunday Stealing.
I’m getting more filler tonight, and we’re going to do the first coat of polyurethane sealant on the inside of our cabinet. Maybe, if time permits, we’ll start to work on the inside of the closet. (We’re doing all non-visible places before visible places, in order to get practice.)
that spews from between my teeth
Roy Matsuzaki was the first person who agreed to sit for a formal portrait for this project. I met Roy in 2008 at a breakfast event that brought together some Japanese-American internees and European Holocaust survivors. When I talked to Roy before the event he told me that his family had been forced to leave California, and were sent to each of the two internment camps in Arkansas: the Rohwer and Jerome War Relocation Centers. This was the first that I had ever heard of any internment camps east of Colorado.
Being a mom, I have a special place in my heart for children; not just my own but all of them. (This is not to say all moms feel this way, but that I feel this way because I am a mom.) It hurts me in a way that I can't describe when I hear of a child or children being hurt through malice or neglect. As I have written before, I can't help them all. I can't. It hurts to admit that too. I cannot help them all, but it is a truth. All I can do is pray that they are taken care of, that their suffering doesn't damage them, or that their suffering ends one way or another. Goddess be merciful to your children. Hold them close to You and shelter them in the safety of Your arms. Let the thunder of Your heartbeat and the wind of your Breath be their lullaby until such time as they may join us again.
We had originally planned to get married in the Spring of next year but then decided that was too far away for us. lol
Toby the feeling of not being tortured is wonderful. I felt headachey and a bit out of sorts, like my body was adjusting. Have also been quite tired for a couple of days.
Place the 3 egg white in a clean mixing bowl and beat on high until soft peaks, then add 1/3 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks. Spread over pie filling making sure to spread to the edge of the crust so the meringue doesn't pull away as it is baked.
The Chicago Way
Extremely well-paid employees are pulling copper, gold and uranium out of the ground in vast quantities. Instead of Coober Pedy’s beat-up trucks and utility vehicles, Roxby streets are lined with 4x4s that have never seen anything other than tarmac. The streets are lined with green manicured grass and there is not a real local in site.
With Love Kiss Me Patterned Paper (751211)
Black activist with strong anti-white views. Member of AmericanCommunist Party and San Francisco Communist Party. Said George Bush caused the 9-11 attacks and wanted Bush investigated by the World Court for war crimes.
So what did I like so much about the book? The characters were very well-drawn. The main character's best friend, Jeffrey Lu, is quite the character and made me laugh out loud at his bravado. Indeed, much of the typical boy banter between the two was hilarious. From the hypothetical scenario discussions to the constant name-calling between the two, the dialogue was genuine BOY!
Look for your tpt gift certificate in your email inbox, lovely ladies.
There were other episodes where Sam the Sheepdog would clock in, carrying his lunch box and the coyote would clock out. I think that’s how it went. Yosemite Sam probably had a stroke and died. He was always pissed off. I think my least favorite was Porky Pig, the stutterer. ”That..that…that’s all folks…”And Elmer Fudd, who needed extensive speech therapy. I bet little kids that were having problems with their r’s and l’s cried when they watched him. “Shhh! Be verwee verwee qwhy-et. I’m shooting wabbits.”
Life has been really good this summer. Then June came. haha We had a lot of rain come down earlier this month and it ended up flooding the shopping strip that one of the salons are in. We were down for a day but that is lucky considering some business are still closed.
Review copy provided by NIS America
1. Young Guns & Young Girls
Beer in the glass.
While there, she meets many patients, some insane others questionable. Her friendship with her doctor’s son is sweet and helps her to manage the long days. Iris knows she does not belong at Sanibel and refuses to cooperate. and provides a constant challenge to her doctor and staff. Considered a modern, state of the art facility, Iris is not convinced. When she suffers an inhumane water therapy treatment given to uncontrollable patients she seethes with anger.While there she meets a Civil War soldier who suffers flashbacks and fits that are only soothed by the color blue. Iris falls in love with Ambrose and begins to think about a different future.
and i froze..
The quote at the top shows what's most important: love. Every child is important. God cares for them and will provide whatever they need, in His time.
My thinking of this changed after one writers’ meeting I attended. The speaker shared how God launched her career only after she relinquished her writing desires to God. That sounded like a great idea to me, so the next morning I got on my knees. The only problem was even as I prayed words that sounded good, I knew they didn’t come from my heart. If I was going to do this, I had to give Jesus everything—my hopes, my dreams, my longings. More than that, I needed to give Him access to myself. All of me.
Even though the calculated daily intake of Mn are higher than the recommended dietary allowance in all countries, these levels are still way below the tolerable upper limit.
That points of course to antagonists, but also to others. My friend Josephine pointed out the character of William Randolph Hearst in The Aviator as someone who was fascinating because of the extent of his suffering, even when his behavior in general was off the charts and hard to relate to. My own character Nekantor from "The Eminence's Match" is a "twisted piece of work" to quote my author friend Lillian Csernica (she notes that she meant this in a positive way!). He does cruel and evil things but is motivated at least partially by his own obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Jintan: …wel…come…
What they didn’t realize is that the respected-by-the-community folks they have visited are also running a drug smuggling business on the side. Mark learned about it when his wife came home with a strange powder on her shoe, and then learned that his wife had been given the wrong stuffed fish (she got one filled with cocaine.) When Mark went to confront them about it, they hit him over the head and tried to throw him to the sharks. Of course, he made it to safety and turned them in.
Ultimately, I just want to say that although A Cup of Subtle Tea is going through an identity crisis right now I can’t wait to see where it goes and what comes next. This has first, and foremost, always been a lifestyle blog and will continue to be with little sparkles of personal style, crafts, travel, food, and much more sprinkled in! Thank you for being along for the ride 
Our round Earth seems so large. But if you slice it into 32 equal pieces, only one piece represents the amount of fertile land that we had available for food production when we went to Rio in 1992.
Did I say in a long time? I meant for a long time. But the kids still need some time in Edmonton. Their young forwards are still green, but as they gain experience their team will take a giant leap forward.
This is the second day that I've spent with this incredibly horrible sensation that I've done something just awful and I'm going to get caught. Something wrong wrong wrong and any moment I'm busted. I can feel it in my chest and in my belly and in my upper arms and forearms. Anxiety. Heavy pressing anxiety. My therapist even identified it for me. Throw that in with the flighty thoughts all night until 6 a.m., even though I'm in bed, two nights in a row, I guess this has turned a little hypomanic.
"The vision is of a town where people can move about easily, with high-quality buildings rising above a lively and busy place," Yorkshire Forward says.
The execution:
Since we've moved to Florida, our lives have changed quite a bit. Some things, although they seemed like a curse at first, are now looking a little more like blessings. When we first moved, I refused to sign my kids up for sports. First, I wasn't sure where or how to sign them up. Secondly, I didn't have the money to pay for registration fees and uniforms and such. Also, being new to town, I didn't have any friends with whom to carpool. I wasn't sure how work was going to go and how much time I'd have to devote to a sports schedule, especially with no friends to help me out by getting a kid to practice now and then. I felt like I was depriving my kids by not letting them participate in baseball, football, dance, softball, hockey, etc. But now? I feel a little differently.
I’m feeling deflated.
The mandate of Casey is as binding on this Court today as it was twenty years ago. Initiative Petition No. 395 conflicts with Casey and is void on its face and it is hereby ordered stricken.
I believe the sale of a building of the size of 210,000 sq feet will be seen as a very positive sign for the future of the Irish Commercial property market. I also believe that having such an internationally renowned purchaser demonstrates continuing confidence in Ireland and particularly in our attractiveness to major global businesses.”
I put the following video up with very great caveats. Russia has its own axe to grind in the Middle East, and the Russian Media may not be as independent as some. Putin has today, jumped on the growing opposition to Imperialist agression in the Arab street, by talking about "Crusader mentalities" and so on. In some ways its a bit like the Suez crisis. When Britain and France invaded Suez in 1956, some say with a US nod and a wink - just as in fact Wikileaks have proved the statements made years ago by US military insiders that the US had tipped Saddam the wink to invade Kuwait - the main beneficiary was the US, which then replaced Britain and France as the most important economic power in the area, providing it with important access to oil resources. Today, its the West in general that is on the wane, and Russia, China, India and other powers that are on the rise. The position adopted by Russia and China, now facilitates them coming in to attack the bombing, lining themselves up with the same criticisms being levelled at Imperialism by the Arab League.
And broke on the ground, leaving only one intact to ponder
In response to these convincing results, talks of banning certain insecticides have begun in both France and Britain.
Speaking of stinky- we had a baby possum on our bird feeder here at work this am. And he stuck around for a while. Although we couldn't really smell him, he looked pretty stinky! Then we have had several patients smell horrible today! Come on people take bath and wash your underarms and your butt crack! That's exactly how they have smelt! Eww.
I’ve been struggling with depression for years now. And this struggle all came to a head when I found myself face down in that all too familiar gutter. 50 dollars in my pocket, no home, a new car payment and an 80 year old back. What I thought was a solid foundation seamed to have gigantic cracks in it that I refused to see through this fog of self sorrow and depression. It crumbled.
“Yeah Roy. But what about Rio and JT?” “Well, I’d like to talk to all my players as soon as possible …” “Yeah Roy. What about Stevie G? What about the captaincy?” “Well, in the days ahead it will occupy my time …” “Yeah Roy, what about red card ban-shame Wayne Rooney?” “I’m looking forward very much to …” And so it went on for a while. Hodgson and the press: it is already a potent anti‑chemistry. “We’re a major footballing nation,” England’s manager mused grudgingly at one point, as close as we got to a Roy’s roar scenario. Perhaps this recalcitrance might even end up as an unlikely trump card. With the football press currently fixed in the public imagination as a sherry-stinking swarm of agenda-ridden malevolents – and going by the principle that my enemy’s enemy is my friend – if anything is likely to endear Hodgson to England’s support it is perhaps his very media-unfriendliness.
It's a freebie on TpT (and Teachers Notebook once I get the chance). It can be used on a bulletin board or pocket chart. It shows what activity each group will be doing each day while I meet with a group to introduce the sort.
Concentration Game: (Name all the things you can in one category. Example, colors, mammals, car makers, cities in the U.S., Countries in Europe, Songs by the Beatles etc.)
Based on my experience and my predecessors experience, and the literature their predecessors have composed… sitting still in a seated position with the intention of being the witness- does effectively create a profound experience for the nervous system and the mental fluctuations…
Cue Twilight Zone theme.
Scripts: Okay, so what do you say to people making the opposite claim: “My family tree is riddled with high blood pressure – it’s my genetic destiny. There’s nothing I can do to avoid it, so why bother?”
when clothes create an alluring silhouette
In this kung fu caper, a prostitute turned assassin codenamed Phoenix (Veronica Ngo) must pull one final job to secure her freedom from powerful crimelord Black Dragon. Her mission is to steal a highly valuable laptop containing defense codes that control VINSTAT-1, Vietnam's satellite system. To ensure cooperation, Black Dragon incentivises Phoenix further by leveraging her daughter's life against the success of this heist.
“When alcoholism strikes, very unnatural situations may develop which work against marriage partnership and compatible unions.
Dear Mr Zuma ...
Having an undesired length of hair. Hairstyles go in and they go out. Usually it’s pretty easy to keep up, except when it’s not. If you cut your hair at the beginning of the year only to find that everybody else was lifting prince charmings into their bedrooms with their hair, here are a few solutions.
Row 11- sc in 8, sc dec, sc in 8 (17)
Have a lovely Sunday folks :)
We stalled. It stalled. I stalled it. Whatever. That’s OK, because in a normal vehicle what you do is; put on the handbrake. Find the “bite” with the accelerator and clutch. Release the handbrake. Drive off.
You can thank Johnny Mercer for such romantic favorites as "Satin Doll" (co-written with Duke Ellington), "Moon River" (co-written with Henry Mancini), "Come Rain or Come Shine" (co-written with Harold Arlen), and "Too Marvelous for Words" (co-written with Richard Whiting).
But sadly, everyone I've ever seen has never been in the store since being featured in this newspaper. I think having their picture posted in it scares some of them into ever venturing into public places again.
Evidently, Andrew woke up about that time and helped Dennis wrap his presents to me.
His book has a unique structure: each chapter has an introduction, three sections focusing on related themes from Armenia and a final section that points out relevant similarities with Wales.
1. Harrison Moyle (B) 36; 2. (tie) Ray Schuttenberg (B), Scott Sessions (P) 37; 4. Andrew Rubich (B) 38; 5. Will Simons (B) 39; 6. (tie) Anatole Sachs (B), Sam Lonsdale (B) 40; 8. Aiden McDermott (P) 43; 9. Mark Fleming (P) 47; 10. Brian Ferch (P) 60.
Physics style loving story.
I’m pretty much open to any genre. I don’t have any specific tastes and I don’t understand people who only read one or two types of books. With that being said, my favorite genres are John Hughes styled films, heroic bloodshed, and horror. What I ultimately look for in a book, though, are memorable characters and interesting relationships.
6And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.
He Stood Solid as a Mountain, and Said the Two Parts of the Shahada
4.Sprinkle cornmeal along the bottom of you pot to prevent sticking.
Hill loved Literature with a capital L. He drew the themes for his novels from the works of Francis Bacon, Thomas Lovell Beddoes, Emily Dickinson; A Cure for All Evils (2008) updates Jane Austen’s unfinished novel Sanditon and gives it an ingenious conclusion. But, having “decided to grow out of” reading crime fiction in his teens, he discovered after a “decade of maturation” that many crime writers “were still as interesting and entertaining as the ‘serious novelists’ I now revered”. All of his 40-odd books are crime novels or thrillers: the genre proved flexible enough to accommodate all he wanted to say about the times he lived in. The Hockney Show at the Royal Academy has been overwhelmed with Culture Vultures but one critic at the Telegraph doesn't get it:
The fund has returned 2.5 percent annually over the last five years. Mr. Jordan still believes that over many years those investments will pay off, he said.
Why isn’t Jerusalem the centre of the Christian church? That was Israel’s hope and God is not dealing with Israel during this age of His grace.
“Oh, alright.”
With 30 years in the retail Automotive Industry, from a Salesperson to a Dealer, I have a vast amount of experience in all areas of an automotive environment. You can follow me on my website, www.JimKristoff.com on twitter @jimkristoff
When work impresses itself as encouragement upon daily life, extraordinary momentum and renewed energy manifest to merge both spheres. Through the occasions during which vocation and avocation intertwine, various aspects of life provide for cross-referenced appreciation. My years in commercial photography and printing helped me to become proficient at cooking and baking. The study of history and philosophy, combined with the active pursuit of the spiritual life, inspired the practice of journaling. By writing the adventures of personal journeys and the business of the quotidian, I’m better able to perceive as an archivist.
Me: I did not get a text.
Last night I was dealing with the fact that I needed to let go of anger and resentment toward myself concerning how I have given so much money to those I thought were in need, instead of being more concerned for my own financial future.
Shaye Lee's Place is giving away this adorable Bella Heart Eward 12-24 month size Tutu, with tulle and ribbon, and adorned with small hearts, a matching headband, and a pretty Twilight jar filled with sand from the actual La Push beach!
(1) Evert, D.L., and Oscar-Berman, M. Alcohol-related cognitive impairments: An overview of how alcoholism may affect the workings of the brain. Alcohol Health Res World 19(2):89-96, 1995. (2) Giancola, P.R., and Moss, H.B. Executive cognitive functioning in alcohol use disorders. In: Galanter, M., ed. Recent Developments in Alcoholism: Volume 14. The Consequences of Alcoholism.New York: Plenum Press, 1998. pp. 227-251. (3) Oscar-Berman, M. Severe brain dysfunction: Alcoholic Korsakoff’s syndrome. Alcohol Health Res World 14(2):120-129, 1990. (4) Morgenstern, J., and Bates, M.E. Effects of executive function impairment on change processes and substance use outcomes in 12-step treatment. J Stud Alcohol 60(6)846-855, 1999. (5) Bowden, S.C.; Crews, F.T.; Bates, M.E.; et al. Neurotoxicity and neurocognitive impairments with alcohol and drug-use disorders: Potential roles in addiction and recovery. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 25(2):317-321, 2001. (6) Parsons, O.A. Neurocognitive deficits in alcoholics and social drinkers: A continuum? Alcohol Clin Exp Res 22(4):954-961, 1998. (7) Oscar-Berman, M.; Shagrin, B.; Evert, D.L.; and Epstein, C. Impairments of brain and behavior: The neurological effects of alcohol. Alcohol Health Res World 21(1):65-75, 1997. (8) Parsons, O.A., and Nixon, S.J. Cognitive functioning in sober social drinkers: A review of the research since 1986. J Stud Alcohol 59(2):180-190, 1998. (9) Beatty, W.W.; Tivis, R.; Stott, H.D; Nixon, S.J.; and Parsons, O.A. Neuropsychological deficits in sober alcoholics: Influences of chronicity and recent alcohol consumption. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 24(2):149-154, 2000. (10) Eckardt, M.J.; File, S.E.; Gessa, G.L.; et al. Effects of moderate alcohol consumption on the central nervous system. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 22(5):998-1040, 1998. (11) Pfefferbaum, A.; Rosenbloom, M.; Crusan, K.; and Jernigan, T.L. Brain CT changes in alcoholics: Effects of age and alcohol consumption. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 12(1):81-87, 1988. (12) Pfefferbaum, A.; Lim, K.O.; Zipursky, R.B.; et al. Brain gray and white matter volume loss accelerates with aging in chronic alcoholics: A quantitative MRI study. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 16(6):1078-1089, 1992. (13) Lyvers, M. “Loss of control” in alcoholism and drug addiction: A neuroscientific interpretation. Exp Clin Psychopharmacol8(2):225-249, 2000. (14) Sullivan, E.V.; Rosenbloom, M.J.; Deshmukh, A.; et al. Alcohol and the cerebellum: Effects on balance, motor coordination, and cognition. Alcohol Health Res World 19(2):138-141, 1995. (15) Eberling, J.L., and Jagust, W.J. Imaging studies of aging, neurodegenerative disease, and alcoholism. Alcohol Health Res World 19(4):279-286, 1995. (16) Parsons, O.A. Determinants of cognitive deficits in alcoholics: The search continues. Clin Neuropsychologist 8(1):39-58, 1994. (17) Volkow, N.; Wang, G.J.; and Doria, J.J. Monitoring the brain’s response to alcohol with positron emission tomography. Alcohol Health Res World 19(4):296-299, 1995. (18) Sullivan, E.V.; Rosenbloom, M.J.; Lim, K.O.; and Pfefferbaum, A. Longitudinal changes in cognition, gait, and balance in abstinent and relapsed alcoholic men: Relationships to changes in brain structure. Neuropsychology 14(2):178-188, 2000a. (19) Sullivan, E.V.; Rosenbloom, M.J.; and Pfefferbaum, A. Pattern of motor and cognitive deficits in detoxified alcoholic men. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 24(5):611-621, 2000 b. (20) Pfefferbaum, A.; Desmond, J.E.; Galloway, C.; et al. Reorganization of frontal systems used by alcoholics for spatial working memory: An fMRI study. NeuroImage 13:1-14, 2001. (21) Spear, L. Modeling adolescent development and alcohol use in animals. Alcohol Res Health 24(2):115-123, 2000. (22) Allen, D.N.; Goldstein, G.; and Seaton, B.E. Cognitive rehabilitation of chronic alcohol abusers. Neuropsych Review 7(1):21-39, 1997. (23) McCrady, B.S., and Smith, D.E. Implications of cognitive impairment for the treatment of alcoholism. Alcohol Clin Exp Res 10(2):145-149, 1986.
My parents, who because I live with them at the moment have a front-row seat to the dire straights of my dating life, have taken pity on me. I can’t quite work out if it is sweet or completely insulting.
2. The discovery of a vast network of gray, mantis and Draco bases underground has now been mapped out; there are dozens of bases (up to 68) in the states of Chiapus, Michoacan, Compenche, Hildago, Sonora, Veracruz, Yucatan, Colima, Guerrero, Oaxaca, District Federale, and lower Baja California, as well as areas in the Gulf of California and southern Pacific ocean; going into the countries Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama and Colombia, and tunnel transports leading to bases in Chile, Brazil, Venezuela, and Argentina; the islands of Aruba and Tobago retain clone facilities and bases that will be trageted in a mass effort to destroy all in a 12 hour period.
I left in exceedingly high spirits which made me uncharacteristically loquacious in philosophy class. We were discussing Peter Singer’s rather extreme view of Utilitarianism. It seemed to me unrealistic (and therefore of no real utility) and…well, reducio ad absurdum. Also, his devotion to measuring “the greater good” by suffering alone is strangely negative and yet strangely common: the imperative (found in many philosophies, religions and psychiatric offices) to eliminate suffering altogether makes one wonder if it isn’t perhaps a one sided look at life.
Govea was committed to the Division of Juvenile Justice from Kings County Juvenile Court with a conviction for first-degree burglary.
I am going to give some blog candy to a random follower of Jazzlins, when my followers reach 100, so to be in for a chance of winning some Sweet Pea stamps, 4 random stamps (my choice) , go and add your name to my followers list (found at the bottom of the page). If you want to add a link to Jazzlins about the blog candy you will get an extra gift if you win! but please leave me a comment saying you have linked the blog candy, thank you.
I begrudgingly pull up to the second window as instructed, all the while thinking about how I didn't pick that stupid penny up, and was even planning to tell the cashier about my "mishap" too...
He froze.
05 - My Cancer
A prolific songwriter in the last couple of years Phil has also written tracks for Shannon Noll, Adam Harvey, Anthony Callea, Deni Hines, David Hobson, Belinda Emmett and Dean Geyer as well as contributing significantly to the Australian vocal Production Music label (extract from unippm.com.au)
I've been checking for weeks to see if I could get it to download ahead of time--no go.
Remember how we told you to keep in mind the comment from the NASA graph about the Industrial Revolution? Keep in mind that CO2 is but one of the smallest players in global temps and global temps do not always follow CO2 levels. The sun has a much larger impact than man made CO2 and global temps often, but do not always follow solar output cycles. This shows that there are many factors that affect global temperatures.
reminded us to seek joy
I turned back to my brother and he said, “Closer.”
Patients were left fuming after returning from appointments to discover their transport home had been immobilized for staying in bays too long.
While they were still incredulous for joy and were amazed, he asked them, “Have you anything here to eat?”
Just as Johann Hari has rightly fallen victim to the philosophical oxymoron of ‘the good lie’, so too in 2009 did every medium to the Left of the Daily Express vilify my then site for raising the most open secret in Westminster: that Gordon Brown was in a place so mentally and physically dysfunctional, his ability or not to be Prime Minister was a matter not so much for public interest as popular panic. So trust me, I know all about the power of the Left to muzzle.
Whoa! So I thought I would get back to blogging but wow so much has happened lately. The hubby has been on several training courses, we went to Las Vegas and had the most wonderful time, took a trip to TX and AL to visit family over Spring Break and more!
In 2006 he voluntarily deployed to Iraq. There he became aware of corruption within the Quantico support establishment that cost many under-equipped Marines their lives. His subsequent disclosures to the OSD, Congress and the press contributed to dramatic life-saving improvements in rapid acquisition.
decided to live in delicious sin with Fred, and she started to consider
its white color is brilliant and pure.
Here are my pace splits (aiming for 8:04s roughly):
Ok, a lot freaked out.
So it’s about that time of the year that those with the funds this summer take a minute and decide on what festival they’re attending. Or is it? With Glastonbury and Oxegen taking a year off and Sonisphere joining the Big Chill in being cancelled, have you decided against festivals this year? Can your purse/wallet not take the punishment? Or (perish the thought) is it your body that cannot hack the 3-5 days or so of absolute annihilation that you put it through? If any of these reasons are ringing any bells then you may be in the population of regular festival-goers that have bowed out this year only to be followed by the festivals themselves.
The best part? All this paperwork led to me making new friends! While trying to figure out all the document authentication requirements, I realized that one of the other teachers hired through my recruiter was also from Oregon. In fact they live just a mere 15 minutes from me! Last night we enjoyed an amazing dinner (with GF brownies for dessert!) and great conversation. I am so luckily to have met them prior to heading to Abu Dhabi. I may not get to see them much before we leave, and we may be posted hours away from each other in AD, but at least I know them…just in case.
MEALS - - - - - - -
Here's some advice and consider it well, don't STEP on the people that lay the foundation to you're books; the writers, the artists ... without them you've got nothing. Oh and send me my royalties ... it'll be a great reminder of this whole little red herring! I hope someday, that someone treats you like how you treat others. I look forward in warning others about your lack of ethics where ever I can.
Artist are not charged to display their work and can sell the work if they so wish. A percentage of the sales of displayed artwork goes to benefit The Retreat.
Then we get our final big twist as Pinhead tries to kill McBaldGuy but fails as McBaldGuy set up a hologram system to blow up the ship with some vague ties to this super-formula that the Merchant family has been working on for years, or some shit like that, while the real McBaldGuy, as well as supermodel agent, leaves in an escape pod. So Pinhead melts, the ship blows to smithereens and that’s literally the end of Pinhead FOREVER. FOR REALS.
Here we go again
There's also been a bit of facing up to Facebook and squeaking back at Twitter, plus other distractions such as writing events and holidays and work and combing the cat. All work as excellent reasons for staying away from the Blogger New Post page.
Still, I think I can make it work, one way or the other. I'd appreciate your thoughts, though; how do you look at the 'YA' label, as against a straight-up 'fantasy' billing?
You have also started copying Momma when she does certain things – you like to repeat sounds, hand movements, and you cough when I cough (and then laugh about it). You also help Momma with daily chores like folding laundry and dusting. I hope that continues as you get older!!
Dad: "From all she had to say, I am proud of the way you are doing in school."
Basil Copper – Cry Wolf
As always any comments are most welcome,
“Ohh sorry, some work”
This might be a stretch for some of you on how this could be inspiration for a bay window area. I understand. It is a stretch. What I focused on was the wood walls and white window frames.
Can you believe that it is school holiday time again? But this time it is a whole 6 weeks long. As much as I love the break fromn the routine of school drop offs and pick ups it can be hard to keep away boredom these school holidays. So we have put together a list of heaps of cool stuff to do this Christmas break with the kids!
life. That’s why you cannot afford to miss church services or neglect your
dream that your dreams are better than mine
the stories are simple in their complications
and for the terrific shopping spree that awaits
Pulling up to the spare, slightly yellowed window overlooking a dining room laden with full looking customers. I watched waiters pull out plate after plate of fried chicken and mac and cheese, smothered pork chops and collared greens. My mouth watered with anticipation and I couldn't even stop to photograph the most slammin 70's style barbershop in the universe across the street.
Here is Ian with some cousins...but not...but whose counting right? These boys have known each other since they were babies. Somewhere I have a picture of the tallest boy holding Ian...too funny!
The music has matched my mood this week and I’m not going to apologies for it either!
Recommending Twitter is really just a way of saying you need to be able to network. As aspiring author Julie Cantrell found, there are accomplished writers out there who are happy to give you advice on marketing your work. Email them, Facebook them, or add them on LinkedIn, just don't be too pushy or stalker-ish.
One thing I mentioned in that McGinnis post was that Bennett's depiction of Parker on his eight covers varies wildly. It's hard to get a sense of how Bennett sees Parker; for example, on the back of The Seventh, presumably that's Parker in the foreground, but it's also the least characterful guy of the bunch. If we go right back to Bennett's first Parker cover, for The Hunter, the only really distinctive thing about Parker there is the size of his hands (which Bennett surely got from Stark/Westlake's memorable description of them near the start of the novel). And if we compare the Parker on The Hunter to the one on the back of The Seventh, well, those are two completely different people. I guess you could make a case for the Parker on the covers of The Outfit (1963) and The Mourner (1964) being the same as the one on The Hunter, but I've got no idea which, if any, of the people sitting in the cab of the truck on the cover of The Score (1964) is Parker, and the incidental Parkers on The Jugger (1965) and The Handle are different guys again.
Extroverted Sensing: 8-14% (12.8%)
Nov 05 Birmingham Academy Birmingham, UK
District 9
Be sure to join me each day. I'll be giving away a prize to a random winner in my comments section on these posts. Each comment counts as one entry. I love comments! Even if I don't have time to answer every comment or email, I cherish them and enjoy getting to know my fellow homeschooling moms.
Are you ready to start your 90 Day Challenge to a Healthier Happier You? Join my 90 Day Challenge and lets do it together.If you get 3 friends to join the Challenge with you. You will get your Challenge Kit for FREE next month.
This week, I found out I have plantar fasciitis in my left foot. The plantar fascia is the connective tissue that supports the arch of the foot. When this tissue gets inflamed, your heel really lets you know about it in a bad way.
- The impeachment of Chief Justice Renato Corona
Gabriel Is an Archangel that is connected to everything to do with children, from their conception to raising them to providing for them in every way. Archangel Gabriel not only informed Mother Mary that She was going to give Birth to Jesus the Christ, but also informed Mary’s cousin, Elizabeth, the she was going to give Birth to John the Baptist.
In business, imitation gains potency from amoral quarters. “It is a lot less risky. An imitator knows that his product or service has worked in the market before. He is also equipped with the analysis of how the market received the innovation,” says Rakesh Basant, professor of industrial policy at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
Chamille's is a bit shorter in details, but still learning happening. She's been hanging out with her dad more lately because he's been giving her rides. I get little snippets of her life when she hangs out in the kitchen with me while I do the dishes, or late at night when she feels restless.
I hate Melissa Leo's hair. The dress is lovely. She was in Marky Marks movie The Fighter. She's sweet.
- Antral by Sumit Gunjan and Arvind in education
How do we change this habit and get the baby to nap in his crib? Neither H nor J was a car sleeper, so this is weird to me. Can he nap in a car seat until kindergarten? Should I care? What do you think?
“White Water, Black Gold” is a sober look at the untold costs (to water and people) associated with developing the second largest deposit of “oil” in the world.
But you know what, she was just as loving and respectful as Ashley and Heather.
This is one of the things I want to concentrate on this year - learning how to take photos in manual.
3. Canon Deluxe Gadget Bag.
My head though?
Speaking exclusively to our correspondent, Engineer Adeola spoke on the Boko Haram issue, the present administration and other issues.
—Interview with Cynthia Leitich Smith
Or -- to think about the question in another way -- perhaps Dickens would walk into a bookstore and find that he wouldn’t need to lift a finger. He could pick up one of his books and find that, more than a hundred years after his heyday, he was still in tune with the world.
The engineer jumped up: Where?
as I clean your stone and decorate
*Good quality refurbished furniture
Across the West, anti-Israel agitators demand that universities refuse to have any dealings with their Israeli counterparts while right-on shoppers make a virtue of the fact they never buy Israeli oranges or coffee.
So today at lunch I decided it was time to get them back on board the mommy train! I served them yogurt with frozen blueberries mixed in. This is a favorite lunch of theirs and we hadn't had it in a while. I re-introduced it last week and we've had it every day since. Usually they have a sandwich with it and some fruit but today they had been at my mom's and I knew they had snacked there, so I just gave them the yogurt.
Well, let's say it was an adventure.
“They will help us contrast the peace of law and order under your regime has produced with the chaos and crime they seem to promote”.
You add scrapbook paper around the oatmeal bin and you can even add fun embellishments like so: (did that with my fun ecraft machine...have you heard of it? if not, check it out!)
I've been on a bluegrass kick lately. But -- call me a cranky old purist if you want -- I don't like much of the modern bluegrass music. So much of it seems cold and intellectual -- virtuoso musicians who seem more highfalutin than high and lonesome, lacking in that true hillbilly spirit that fueled the original masters.
What’s your favourite movie?
What a way to start off the day.
Schedule: April 17 to mid-October 2012
- Goat cheese/sour cherry ice cream with Panil Barriquee Flanders Red ale (triple fermented: steel tank, cognac barrel & bottle)
Today, January 27, is the day that people in European countries usually commemorate the Holocaust. (In the U.S., as far as I have noticed, the Holocaust is commemorated on the day chosen by the Israeli Knesset and followed by Jewish communities - the 27 of Nisan, which this year falls on April 11). The date was chosen because on January 27, 1945, the Red Army liberated Auschwitz. Outside the Italian consulate in New York City today the names of the 8,600 Italian Jews rounded up and killed from 1938 to 1945 were read aloud by a variety of figures. The readers included the Cardinal Edward Egan of New York and some prominent rabbis.
“The dead are dead, and that’s how they’re going to stay,” TSE Justice Silvia Cartagena said after learning of the Sala de lo Constitutional ruling.
Money that they doubtless regard as their rightful reward for loyally backing the corrupted Chief Minister, who has exploited the lands of their own people for so many decades.
So, as you can tell by the subtle changes currently going on on the website, I posted this on the Native Appropriations facebook page earlier today, and readers had some less-than-nice words for the company. I commend Thunderbird for taking action to try and make their stuff less offensive, and clearly by editing it shows they've been made aware. But not totally aware, because a few readers sent them emails, and got variations on this response:
I am so jealous. Tonight at midnight the much anticipated 3rd installment of the Twilight series hits the big screen. I wish my hubby wasn't on the damn night shift so we could see Eclipse. Instead he is slaving away at the jail as what I like to call an overpaid babysitter. I guess Bella, Edward, and Jacob will have to wait until tomorrow.
After all the ball throwing and wading in the waves we thought it would be fun to head into town. McDonald's had stopped serving breakfast which is a signal for JR and I that it is time for an adult beverage. We walked among the cruise ship tourists for awhile stopping periodically for people to ask: what kind of dog is that? Will she bite? (which makes us scoff) but the best thing we heard was a little boy who said:
At first, the killings seem random, but as Mulligan keeps digging into the state’s thriving sex business, strange connections emerge. Promised free sex with hookers if he minds his own business—and a beating if he doesn’t—Mulligan enlists Thanks-Dad, the newspaper publisher’s son, and Attila the Nun, the state’s colorful Attorney General, in his quest for the truth. What Mulligan learns will lead him to question his beliefs about sexual morality, shake his tenuous religious faith, and leave him wondering who his real friends are.
“Marge, are you HIV positive?” I asked. He stopped, raised his head and looked me in the eye. He didn't deny it; that was his answer.
No sex drive (Really? But I feel so puffy, fatigued, and severely constipated! That TOTALLY puts me in the mood usually.)
All their eyes look skyward,
With the convience of technology my kids have plenty of stuff to entertain themselves with on the iphone and ipad. I like that there are so many free apps you can download.
A non-Blood Angels land speeder
SH: Oh no I won't.
So now we know what Cameron and Obama have in common: le maladie Anglo-Saxon, aka “as the real banks won’t cough up, let’s rob the taxpayers’ bank”. Sarkozy may be French, but il souffre aussi de l’Anglo-Saxonisme.
Stirring well with each addition
If, for some reason, one or both parties wishes to separate the know-how licence from the patent licence, the know-how paragraphs can be pulled out and embodied in a separate agreement. In such cases the know-how agreement should stipulate the pertinent terms and conditions from the patent licence that will also apply to know-how.
God bless Mucinex!
HOME OR THEATER: The outer space vistas of Oa need to be seen on a big screen.
I have had my life changed by a new person, whom I still look at and periodically marvel and the fact I managed to keep another human being alive for an entire year. Unbelievable.
world, and especially for her purity. Oh Father, keep us, we beseech Thee,
As a medical transciptionist I sit here for many hours each day transcribing everything from infant chest x-rays to mammograms to CT scans, but some days it can be quite monotonous. I have always enjoyed a challenge and some days I wonder if I am not doing enough with my life.
Yellow paint
Nathan:
Different thickness blades create different roll stiffness; they must be removed from the rockers and replaced to achieve this.
Chung-Li VHF Radar
I’ve also started up on my sponsored diet again. I know It’s been a while and it’s not like I’ve been mis-behaving or anything. I’ve managed to maintain my weight so I’ve kicked the healthy eating into a higher gear to get my metabolism working again. I am determined to lose all 30lbs I said. I also want to get fitter and healthier.
Recently, my daughter and I were in a chain retail store for young girls. I was somewhat annoyed as we were running behind for an event and I really just needed to return a shirt that fell apart after the first washing. As I got up to the counter, a young gal at the register said, “we have these t-shirts for sale, buy one get one free…and it really looks like you could use one.” The beautiful, bright yellow t-shirt had a HUGE smiley face on the front and on the back said, “Forty Reasons to be Happy”.
Many of the people at the party have asked for the recipe.
2. I am currently reading the second book of The Hunger Games
I hope that your inspire to create something for yourself and someone else in your life and that you will visit again soon, YOU ARE ALL AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
On the otherwise
For posing in a bikini and posting the photo on her Facebook account, a 16-year-old girl was not allowed to attend her high school graduation ceremony here on Friday.
– Arshad Faruqui
"I really think THE FLAPPER should be a sure fire hit. It has class, dash and style, and you have put it over strong. Your stuff is keen." Gladys Arne, Cedar Rapids, IA.
I ask that You grant me today, the grace, wisdom and strength to always
Then again, the Queens Granny Brigade isn't exactly known for its brains.
What other uses do you know for Borax?
Size: 16 x 20 inches
You can use a mason jar or jelly jar and tie a cute ribbon around it. If you don't have a jar, mason jars are sold at almost every grocery store on the baking aisle. Also, I know that Michaels and Joanns craft stores sell them individually for just a couple of dollars.
FIAT - Fix It Again Tomorrow
Capitalism didn’t give us this crisis of confidence now existing in the corporate world. The lack of free markets and sound money did. Congress does have a role to play, but it’s not proactive. Congress’ job is to get out of the way.
I went back to school.
Holy crap, it’s the final day of Netflix Finds (for now)! For those who’ve been devoted in checking out my posts, thank you! I love you and write for your enjoyment on the days where I just want to be lazy and, well, watch Netflix.
Just don’t play with my feelings because when I get hurt … sorry doesn’t feel half as good as it sounds.
If there’s a chance that Occupy will be a sustained movement next year and beyond, these calls are a key area to watch. Says Donovan: “We’re going to be laying those wires between people all winter long. In the spring everyone is going to be motivated and ready to act. If the job situation stays as it is, all they’re going to have on their hands is time. There’s going to be nothing but room for protest and dissent and creativity. “
Early 1978 Rehearsal (Take 1)
Now I have to go pee. You should probably go pee too.
This is an annual show that Oklahoma Christian (my old school) puts on. Every "club" (because it's a private school, they don't do sororities/frats) spends the first two months of spring semester creating a show. Basically, they re-write popular songs and come up with choreographed routines. Clubs LIVE for Spring Sing.
My first trip was with my step-Dad to Out of the Ordinary in Cambridge. It's a darling little spot, loaded to the brim and almost bursting with all things miniature for every sort of miniature dream you can come up with. The owner was kind enough to come and open the shop on a Monday, a day she is normally closed, just for me to browse and have my pick of things! It was so much fun!
one way or the other
49. Throughout its hundred year legacy, Universal brought to audiences the first films of talents such as John Ford, Clint Eastwood, Steven Spielberg, Norman Jewison, Ben Stiller, Robert Zemeckis, John Hughes, Amy Heckerling, Spike Jonze, Zack Snyder and Judd Apatow.
* Secondly please e-mail a brief statement about yourself and any DT experience you have to craftingwhenwecan@gmail.com. If you do not have any DT experience please still enter! We welcome everyone to enter in this call.
Also, I’ve just spent the past weekend on a meditation retreat on a farm in Shropshire. That was really something. Not what I expected, because I didn’t have any expectations. I realised a lot about creativity, flow, growth…
This year, I really need that early start. My plants are getting tall and leggy. They were hitting the grow lights, so I had to move them upstairs into the front window. I'll be ready to start hardening off later this week, when the temps hit the 70s.
even read the post, didn't you?? I know !! I have done that before too and then went back up and read the
Finally, my friend, David H. Brown, has penned a classic mystery, Murder at 250 Center Street, ($15.99, Author House) with a plot that has so many twists and turns you will not want to stop reading. From abandoned newborn fraternal twins found in an apartment building basement after eight days, to their teenage mother being shot to death shortly after delivery, to a lapse of two decades when the murder weapon is found, the story just rockets along, buoyed by a great cast of characters, more deaths, a bizarre trial, and much more. They used to call such a novel a pot boiler because the lid was sure to blow at any moment. Treat yourself to this one.
You’re a bit of a lap slide guitar genius. When and how did you make the decision to take to the lap slide method?
I want to be more than just a person thriving with a desk job. But right now, I’m trying to figure out what “more” I want to be, I want to have.
Hey kids! Dopeman Bates here.
Helen, oblivious to my leering, wanders into her kitchen and decides to look at her developed slides once more. She drags everything into the living room, draws the shades, then sets up the projector. One picture in particular draws her attention, an image Helen snapped of herself in a reflected window. She improves the focus of the picture to enhance the reflection, and realizes that she captured an image of Candyman in the photograph.
Tautness
David, who had killed so many for (seemingly) so much less, essentially lets this one go, leaving it to his son to do the dirty work of finally dispatching Joab (1 Kings 2:5-6, 29).
However, you can probably also see how there is a core group of food items that make up your primary diet, right? What we want to do is get it to where foods with low glycemic index is part of that core. Once we get that to become routine through habit, we'll leave it alone and you're all set.
This week isn't looking like I'll get much done throughout the week. But hopefully I'll have some time next weekend to work on some of my items. Like my 3rd grade Common Core math review pack to match the K/1 and 2nd grade ones.
I found out that Humans don’t have to be
Three years ago, the FMLN – a party that originated during El Salvador’s civil war (1980-1992) as a coalition of revolutionary guerilla organizations – won 35 AL seats to earn its first legislative lead. The once dominant ARENA saw its representation trimmed from 34 to 32 seats, while the minority Partido de Conciliación Nacional (PCL), Partido Demócrata Cristiano (PDC) and Cambio Democrático (CD) parties won the legislature’s other 17 seats between them.
This weekend was a blur of parties. It started with prom.
For more tips on setting up a blog (if you’re new to it, or still finding your feet), here’s some tips and advice from a freelance writer – Kana’s Chronicles.
And today, I give you…. Yes! Yes! More Writing Room Revelations! This week some more very special children’s and YA authors reveal just how much coffee or tea they need in order to write…
Thank you. This update will be about the will to survive when facing the most incredible dangers known to mankind.
- I'd like to become a better Gal.
The Sevateem had a warrior culture, living in a state of permanent war with their counterparts the Tesh. Men and women were both expected to fight. Crossbows, knives, and poisonous janis thorns were all common weapons. The test of the Horda, a trial by ordeal involving vicious native predators, was also part of their way of life.
People don’t understand, when you are down and you seek support, people then accuse you of being over dramatic when the next day you are perfectly fine, or even worse, a few hours later.
Not since the discovery of the “Piltdown Man” had so many scientists allowed themselves to be taken in by a complete fabrication; one based entirely on falsified computer model data. Worse still, many climbed on board the global warming bandwagon to reap some of the billions in grant money involved.
Maj. Hasan will be a hero to Islamist terrorists abroad and their sympathizers here. While US Muslim organizations decry his acts publicly, Hasan will be praised privately. And he'll have the last laugh.
And believe me: Deadly Premonition is my Game of the Year. Easily. And with all apologies to Danny Weissenberger, who made this call back in July, I'm going to add my voice to his excellent series of articles on the topic. I'll also do my best to keep spoilers to a minimum.
That little thought that might arise
Work selected for the exhibition may not be removed before September 2
I have devoted some attention to three relatively recent American Republican leaders (Goldwater, Reagan and G.W. Bush) but have so far alluded only in passing to the most electorally successful recent British Conservative leader -- Margaret Thatcher. I think however that anything I could say about her would be superfluous. No-one with the slightest interest in politics can be unaware of what The Iron Lady stood for. While conservatives often talk about rolling back the State and unleashing private enterprise, Margaret Thatcher actually did it on a large and epoch-making scale. She removed great swathes of British life from out of government control and put them into the hands of the private sector -- and in so doing set an example that was gradually emulated worldwide -- from Poland, through Russia to China and many points in between. I will therefore take her position in the mainstream of conservative thought as read and will look elsewhere for an indication of where British Conservative thinking stands in the 21st century.
Executive summary: Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
In South Africa, Thabo Mbeki has less than a year left in office. His likely successor, Jacob Zuma, has been much more critical of Mr Mugabe, and his party, the African National Congress, has openly accused Mr Mugabe of bringing the liberation tradition into disrepute.
1.) Tell us a little bit about your background.
Talib Kweli - 36
“How can you be so bad?!” asked Bantum as he strode with Dr. Chickenhiemer back to the fire near the entrance of the cave.
We had a fight today. It pisses me off that whenever we fight he makes such low blows. It's like he makes every effort he possibly can to make me feel as hurt as possible. Now, I get that he does this because I've hurt him and he's retaliating for whatever reason, but seriously? Things would never escalate as much as they do if he would just learn to control his obnoxious insults.
Revel like a true Irishman (or woman!) at a dinner filled with dancing, singing and general merriment. A variety of authentic dishes are served in a unique and evocative setting throughout the evening.
To sum up: Ted and Robin still aren’t on great terms and Barney’s still uncomfortable with Quinn being a stripper. I have to say, I’m kind of bored with both these storylines already. So, even if it was a bit cliché, I’m glad we’re at least getting a dramatic birth story to spice up the season finale. And then, of course, there’s the little matter of who the bride is. Why are they making us wait two weeks again?
I don't really emulate Baltimore style because I don't think much of it. It is preppy and boring and when taken to extremes can look just plain hideous:
Step 14. Take your right needle, and push it through the first stitch on your left needle as seen above. You always go from front to back when you are making a "knit" stitch.
This guy was so patient, just staring into the water, not moving a muscle until, bam, a fish jumped close enough and his jaws slammed shut. And so ends the monumental and epic journey of a salmon........
The interview was with a small newspaper at the other end of the county I live in. I worked at that end of the county for 7 years, so that wasn’t even the problem. In fact, I left earlier than I felt I needed to-thankfully.
On my walk to class, I always check out the local gardens in the Clairemont neighborhood as the weather is slightly different there than coastal SD even though it’s only 5 miles from the coast. There are more canyons and cliffs here and there and on a hilly area between two detached houses, I saw some leafy plants which I recognize to be artichokes. I wonder if they were wild ones or ones that were planted by one of the adjacent house but I have heard of wild artichokes growing in So Cal.
my needs, my longings,
The system is hidebound, expensive and elitist, they say. Peer review can take months, journal subscriptions can be prohibitively costly, and a handful of gatekeepers limit the flow of information. It is an ideal system for sharing knowledge, said the quantum physicist Michael Nielsen, only “if you’re stuck with 17th-century technology.” (…)
“I was so mad that I went back inside to fetch something that I could throw at him. Strangely, the first thing I thought of was the refrigerator. So I unplugged it, pushed it to the balcony and tipped over the side. It fell the 25 stories and crushed the man. Unfortunately all this excitement was too much and I had a heart attack and died instantly!”
It's summer time once more and it calls for a carefree vibe! That includes being hair-free down there (just in case you intend to let that bikini see the sun this summer.) I have been holding off going to the waxing salon for many reasons. One, it might hurt like crazy. Two, it's really embarrassing to let someone else see my well, vajay. Oh, and three, I never really had the guts to wear a bikini before. I was never really new to waxing (I wax my underarms all the time) but this one's different, of course.
smoothed out as well as she could.
As for the strawberries, I know that the thought of balsamic vinegar mixed with ripe berries might give some of you pause. I assure you, this is truly a magnificent combination. It’s as though the tangy balsamic vinegar echoes the tart sweetness of the strawberries in a lower octave, adding depth of flavor. The Italians have long been onto this flavor combination, knowing that drizzling fresh summer berries with a few drops of syrupy aged balsamic creates a dessert that is infinitely greater than the sum of its parts. If you are lucky enough to have some high-quality aged balsamic vinegar in your kitchen, this is absolutely the time to bring it out and show it off.
Emotional catharsis: The non-verbal elements are foremost in Michael’s recall, but the words of his narration are concrete, real, sometimes nearly cold. Referring back to my sculpture reference above, these narrative passages are the framework on which he can drape soft, warm fabric of memory and release.
Remade a few years later, with sound, as Kongo, it's hard not to draw comparisons between Tod Browning's version and the later film, so closely do they hew to the same template. There are a few substantial differences -- the remake cuts out the extended stage-magic prologue that no doubt fascinated Browning, always a fan of unusual theatre folk, and also adds in a significant character -- but for the most part the narrative is almost jarringly similar, entire scenes playing out with near-identical results. The sound version is, if anything, rather more thoroughgoing in its seediness, layering further outrages on the manifold moral excesses already onscreen in 1928.
Almost everyone involved with a psychopath goes through a phase (and form) of denial. It’s very tough to accept the sad reality that the person who claimed to be your best friend or the love of your life is actually a backstabbing snake whose sole purpose in life is humiliating and dominating those around him. Rather than confront this reality, some victims go into denial entirely. They aren’t ready to accept any part of the truth, which, when suppressed, often surfaces in anxiety, projection and nightmares.
"The Worldwide Dessert Contest: Enhanced Multimedia Edition" features all the text of the 1998 Orchard Books release, as well an original musical score from the play that the book inspired. Read the story, then click on a link to listen to the companion songs in this cutting edge, one of a kind, 21st Century children's fantasy novel from Alina Adams Media!
Often they would not truly realise the full benefits of old friends until their dying weeks and it was not always possible to track them down. Many had become so caught up in their own lives that they had let golden friendships slip by over the years. There were many deep regrets about not giving friendships the time and effort that they deserved. Everyone misses their friends when they are dying.
“For by one Spirit are we all baptised into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.”
What if we flipped through it several times a day?
Remember to keep some form of ID on your pet, either tags, a tatoo or microchip.
STUDY I
The blue glow from the TV illuminates her sad face. I hate this part. Waking her up. She always starts crying when she looks at me. But we need to go to bed.
What about your craft projects dreams any great ambitious ideas or just a bunch of little things you hope to achieve? I would love to know what you plan for 2012.
Title: Alone Chapter 1
Does it require a “mass audience” to make an impact? I think the answer to this depends on place, context, issue, content quality and other factors but I think that in some (or many?) cases of user generated content / participatory media / citizen journalism the fact is that it has an impact more than what one would associate with mere audience numbers. In other words, perhaps who is aware of CJ / reads it / bases their decisions on it is oftentimes more important than how many have access to and consume CJ?
This trail to the 1980s is not any blueprint, nor was it fully worked out for his age. It is there for us to work out for our age. This pamphlet has laid the ground for that task. When the capitalistic (private and state), exploitative, crisis-ridden imperialistic world of 1984 threatens to unloose a nuclear holocaust that would put an end to humanity as we have known it, it is clear that it is the urgency of the times which demands that this generation of revolutionaries turn to revolutionary praxis, to philosophy as action and action as philosophy.
- More gianduja mousse
Some Republican Senators have an even better idea: Abolish the Federal minimum wage altogether. They sponsored a bill that would let states set their own minimum wages below the already inflated Federal minimum wage. This measure would have given states the ability to compete to see who could pay workers less, helping small businesses and attracting new businesses. Some of the poorer states in the South, for example, could set their minimum wages at zero, which would allow family farmers to pay their workers by giving them room and board or scrip instead of cash. They could import workers from places like Africa, where just earning a little food and a roof over their heads would represent a significant improvement in their living standards. The South would finally rise again with this kind of economic stimulus.
The instrumental bonus tracks all make for great listening. And sense we mentioned Madlib in this post -- is he actually hoping for more remixes and samples? One thing that hasn't been mentioned in these posts is that, in a big way, Marcos Valle is more valorized outside Brazil than within it, where is almost forgotten except for his bigger hits. In a lot ways he was either ahead of his time, or just 'out of time', existing in some weird alternate musical universe. I am aware that these write-ups have perhaps begun leaning towards the breathless prose of idyllic idol praise but, damnit, this album really IS probably a masterpiece. It is nothing if not masterful, and it makes it all sound so easy - as if blending sun-dappled soul music with post-bossa pop, mild psychedelia (as in, about five or six hours into a psychedelic experience..), and rock attitude is just something they guys could do with a shrug or the casual nonchalance displayed in the back cover photos.
Always love a good contemporary YA, and though I wasn't quite expecting to love this one, it's starting to grow on me and I'll be curious to see how I feel by the time I'm done.
He was born in 1931 in the USA. He was a soldier, then a lawyer, and then a political adviser to President Nixon. In this role he was the “hatchet man” – the one who would get things done, whatever it took. He was a key figure in the Watergate scandal that ended Nixon’s presidency in 1974. At age 41 he became a Christian. His conversion was met with widespread cynicism. The next year he went to jail for his crimes in Watergate. Impacted by what he saw of life behind bars he started a prison ministry called Prison Fellowship upon his release, which now ministers to inmates all around the world. His impact for the cause of Christ through Prison Fellowship has been massive.
Yes, the nation is proud of Pacquiao. He has given tremendous honor to the country. But, that is how far as the comparison goes.
This Wednesday Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth at the Legends Outlets is hosting an exclusive shopping event to kick off this years Duck Derby! The Duck Derby has moved to Schlitterbahn water park, and it will be a fun way to welcome the derby to the Legends neighborhood.
When these chickens became a regular feature in our lives, I was sometimes at a loss as to what to do with the remainders. When I stop to consider why we buy them at all, I realize it’s because of my energy-killing fibromyalgia. In the case of food shopping, if I’m to be included in the trip - or, gasp! actually drive myself to the grocery store - I have to figure out some work-around which still allows us to eat that evening, once we’ve acquired next week’s victuals and stored them away..
Again no theme, just things I saw on the day….
19.) “Fake it till you make it.”
This is a good strategy for website owners because everyone likes a pat on the back and so visitors keep coming back to their website for the rewards and little treats. As they say in website terminology it makes the site more 'sticky' and more visitors equals a bigger audience share and more revenue.
Re-reading any book from a distance of 30 years is interesting, particularly since I am now an author myself and my Muse has developed a sharp critical horn. So it is a testament to Anne McCaffrey’s warm characters and imaginative storylines that sentences such as: “Resentment replaced the sense of loss as Jaxom found himself, loyal to Robinton’s precepts, trying to rationalize this wave of unpalatable reflection” melt seamlessly into the story, and I can honestly say I didn’t notice it when I devoured this book as a teenager!
The City Destroyer - Norvell Page
Rock on Carla! Your dishes look great and I like your drink (I don't drink and that spritzer looks yum). Carla is like a NCAA Basketball team peaking during March Madness.
I did finish this book to find out the true identity of the killer. Once I did I was like that is it.
Do you dream for yourself?
The revelations about Morrison's past give a clear indication as to what he was seeking from his relationships with women. However, one has to ask what was in it for Amy, and why did she stay with him for as long as she did , given that the violence apparently started from very early in the relationship.
Florida, Uruguay
There were also several interesting workshops. I already mentioned the raw foods one briefly, but what I didn't mention was that there was actually food to try! I was rather suspicious of it at first, but the ONLY thing I didn't like was the guacomole, and that's just because I never like guacomole! I also caught the tail end of a talk on radical unschooling by Kelly Lovejoy, which made me sad, but what I did hear was very interesting, and my mom was there for the whole workshop and really felt that she got a lot out of it.
Hope everyone is having a good Monday.
we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
The Maoh is extremely powerful. When Yuri loses control of his emotions, the Maoh appears to exact judgement on the offenders.
full to bursting.
This card was simply amazing! Love all the color and textures! Please feel free to grab our shoe of the week badge from our side bar. You are also the winner of our Beary Scrap gift certificate. Please e-mail us and we will get you all set up.
But then another part of my brain took over: the remnant of my adolescent, Mario Brothers-playing, Darth Vader-loving, coin-op obsessing, X-Men reading, Middle Earth-daydreaming self took over. My hard-won critical eye was completely helpless.
:: we giggled like school girls... it was a nude beach
That’s all for today – written during a holiday with only a break to have lunch at mum’s, I’ll have to find a day of the week to study all the blogs, LOL! And now I’m behind with April’s writing, so I better go back to work! Have a great week!
Getting brushed
I love how you have been getting "Sun Kissed."
Like so many told and twice-told and thrice-told tales, versions get so diluted and re-imagined we don't even get a sense of who is the main headliner of the piece. Kinda like the King James version of the Bible.
I was going to share a story of one of my favorite Christmas memories with him, but my PR friend talked me out of it. Let's just say the events contained therein weren't exactly "legal."
“Well, for one, can you prove this Valderas character was harassing her?”
The Capitals opened their 2012 season at the historic Smithtown Grounds in Long Island this past Saturday against the Brooklyn Atlantics Base Ball Club, where they dropped a pair of matches to the defending Mid-Atlantic champs. Afterwards, it was back to their carriages for the trip into Brooklyn.
If a parent wants the type of detailed "how many f*cks?" "is there kissing with tongue" "is it blasphemous" type of review, fine. Great! I even think CommonSenseMedia is a great resource for us readers who don't count the number of times a kid talks back to an adult, but have patrons who want to know. CommonSenseMedia does NOT say "don't read this book" or "this book is evil"; rather, they give a detailed analysis of the factors they think set off alarm bells for adults who monitor the reading choices of their children.
The lovely Tessa from Down That Little Lane is taking a break from Pinterest Party while she gets her new website up and running and has graciously allowed me to take it over.
the store has just about everything you could possibly want for the home...furniture, art, light fixtures,
So as far as I can tell, there are two types of zombies:-
So remember--everyday in America either through our taxes we all pay for things we don;t use, and may never use. I am quite sure I will never be on welfare, but my taxes pay for it. I pay into Social Security, yet I am being told it will not be there for me to collect when I retire. Any insurance plan any of us pay for includes things we won;t use--I don;t plan on having a prostate exam and I for sure am not on anti depressants, I am never having children, yet I pay as part of premium for others maternity care. Stop complaining that in a very round about way you are paying to keep the women in your life healthy!
You stroke me like a guitar
Does anybody turn into a cannibal, as some of these honkie redneck mountain folk do, so I hear? NO!
It is sin that kills. Sin that reveals our hearts as they actually are. Sin shows who we belong to–and Who we don’t. Christian liberty is the freedom we have in Christ to obey Him. One whose heart is truly right with God will always hate sin. If we don’t hate sin, we don’t love God and we won’t want to do His will because we will be doing the will of our real father–the devil.
Please bear with me regarding the photo quality!! I have such a difficult time photographing layouts, particularly a double 12' x 12" page spread. I used the Mix & Match Banners Die-namics and By the Letters Die-namics for the title. The little heart is from Notched Tag Die-namics and the small floral element is one of the centers from the Pretty Posies Die-namics. Each piece is popped up on Jody boosters.
Guaranteed listing with major wholesalers, for example, Bertrams and Gardners
D Envious
Yes! It takes time, it takes perseverance, it takes patience but mostly it takes constant faith and firmness. Many of us have already done big part of the journey; are we going to give up now? Do we think that the Lord is a liar? Are we sure that we have heard from God? Thus, let’s wait and wait upon the Lord, full in confidence. Don’t throw away your confidence, you are too close now! Don’t throw away your assurance. Don’t throw away your trust. He trusted you with His blood, trust Him back!
Many thanks to Audrey Kalman and Melissa Crytzer Fry, both of whom nominated me to play Lucky 7 with my WIP. These women are wonderful bloggers and I suggest you take a moment and check out their blogs. You won’t be disappointed. Audrey’s posts about the craft of writing are helpful and often make me think of aspects of writing from a new angle. And Melissa pays tribute to Arizona’s natural world as she asks questions that apply to writing in particular, and life in general.
Then why do we need God?
After Sainte-Ermine, I got lost. I’d obviously mapped the route incorrectly as the SatNav route said that I should turn right, through someone garden. I went on a bit, doubled back and checked again when I saw a woman going towards her house Second of two extremes of French hospitality coming. I asked her where the route went from here and she pointed me in the right direction. I thanked her and asked if I could fill my bidons with tap water. She obliged and asked me to come in. She even asked if I wanted a coffee. I declined the coffee, filled the bottles up and spoke about the Tour with her and her husband for about 15 minutes. Why can’t everyone be like that?
But I'm willing to play nice. I just asked to join her forum and if I'm allowed (Fat chance) I'm going to ask her about the things we have in our Vatican Vs. God rebuttals we have in the side bar.
Into eight almost equal portions, well, in a sort of way.
This is a grand, traditional Victorian pub, and although it's not the style I want to recreate in miniature, David spotted the simple construction of the round wooden tables, which will be easy to replicate in 1:12 scale:
1 cup whipped cream, chilled
Sandra is asking you to share some of the earliest cards you made and then some of your more recent ones. Ooooh, I do like to share - anyone noticed that!! So here we go:
“These rules are important to me as both an ADAPTer and a personal attendant,” said Emmanuel Camargo of Chicago ADAPT. “These rules need to ensure that I can work in a fair and safe environment, at a liveable wage, while also ensuring that the people I work for live the way they want to live in their own homes.”
Lee-Anne is a true fashionista at heart, but her style sense doesn’t just end at her closet…Lee’s cozy little apartment has such a big personality! The girl was able to make the space looks so elegant, with quaint decorations of glass vases, paintings, French Golden Era posters and fresh flowers. There is almost a rustic feel to it, which is offset by feminine accents that scream Lee-Anne!
In the last few years a new Mother's Day tradition has developed here at home and now the kids are counting on it each year.
one hour interview about music, drugs, politics and social changes circa 1967
at home a little more.
Chili will be served from 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 29, in the first floor hallway of OCB.”
I was enjoying my extended summer vacation in US, with the usual day time routine of playing Legacy of Ancients on a Commodore 64, followed by a 2-hour football practice with my cousins Arif and Abid and their friend VJ (that’s a name: Vittorio Junior).
Through February 28th
2-2-2-2-2 Perfect Pull Ups followed by:
Then i felt and heard breathing next to my face. I was screaming inside. Was this a burglar? Was this a nightmare?
“Daddy, why are you crying?”
Green grass and trees
Probably like many of you, crafting takes up a very small portion of what reality truly is around your home. I blog a lot about crafting and parties and all the pretty stuff. So...
Thick Curds - 2 cups
On this day in 1900, the Chicago White Stockings played for the first time against the University of Illinois, in Champaign, Illinois. The Pale Hose won 10-9 and Roy Patterson was the winning pitcher.
Simon Mawer’s The Glass Room
It sounds a bit formulaic, but you would be wrong in thinking this film makes no demands of its audience. It does. Mainly when it comes to the suspension of their disbelief. Very early on, there is the following exchange -
"Kind of cool, actually, " I said. "I feel like I am invisible.
SUPER BODY, SUPER BRAIN incorporates an active use of motor skills. The importance of exercising balance and coordination may help improve children’s brain functioning in the following areas: attention, memory, multitasking, spatial memory and decision-making. For example raising heels and arms at the same time will improve kids’ attention and multitasking skills. This could correlate to listening to the teacher and writing in a piece of paper)
He, too, has resigned his part
and that I would not pack away the decor until then.
You deserve your own
Have you been to my kitchen?
What a picture God is placing before me,it’s truly amazing the magnitutde of our God.Just as God took Moses and the children of Israel through the red sea on dry ground,I’m being shown another picture. The one where Pharaoh and all of his men was washed up on the seashore,well so is drug addition,sex addition,homosexuality,lust,panic attacks,child molestion, all of the things that can bind us up so tight. Jesus Christ defeated each and everyone so that we can enjoy his love,peace and joy! But there is something you have to do,”You Must Be Born Again”! There is no way around the love and protection of almighty God. Jesus Christ has made it so easy,just call on him confess your sins,ask for forgiveness and walk with him. All of the things you’re trying to do now to please God does not work,because your sins stand between you and God. Jesus Christ is the sin eraser,and he and only he,can present you to God whole. Jesus Christ the Holy,Precious Lamb of God is still the “only way” to God. And that peace,joy and freedom you so desire. Oh you may fool your friends and family,but you cannot hide from the watchful eyes of almighty God! He sees,He knows and He cares for you deeply! I tell you it’s a wonderful thing walking in freedom,you can fake it but it’s not the same! Jesus Christ is ready and willing to set you free because he has killed the things that have you bound up,satan just makes you think he’s bad,he makes you think you can never quit! Remember now he is the liar and the Father of lies,all lies come from him and through him,and the enemy (Flesh) within you is another problem,but get this “ant nothing to hard for God”! All of the things that Jesus has defeated can drop off and you will never go back,but it’s only through Jesus Christ. I tell you I’m free and loving it! O I use to be bound up and I was having a good time or so I thought,there is nothing to be compared to the time I’m having in Christ, I’m in love with my Saviour for real! Jesus has loosed me and now he’s using me to help you get free,the messages God gives me ant for everybody,just the chosen few. Have you ever left a Church service and felt like umph, Pastor must be going through something I didn’t get nuttin out of service,well it was not for you. That’s why we can sit through the same service and hear a whole different word,God planned it that way.Why ? Because he alone knows exactly what each of us needs and he knows how to reach you. “Whew” what a word from the Lord,it’s a blessing to me and I know it will bless the chosen.
“Each of these penalties could be applied to both Sanchez and the employer, who the county attorney claims is the Harris County Commissioner's Court,” the motion said.
If you enlarge this picture you can see where different things are located.
But, they weren't really doing it when you guys were, that's the thing. You guys were among the initiators of that.
A boundary agreement was reportedly signed and ratified with UAE in 2003 for Oman’s entire border, including Oman’s Musandam Peninsula and Al Madhah exclave, but details of the alignment have not been made public.
By now everyone has realized that Spider-Man 3 was a complete and total bust, and it seems the same person in charge of the cheesy finale to a great trilogy has okayed a reboot to a series that is only five years old. The film seems to be keeping a low profile, but with summer just around the corner the producers better step it up if they want anyone else besides Spidey fanatics and bored teens to see their film. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone leading the project sparks my interest yet these rising stars are mostly unfamiliar to the comic book world and their fresh faces may not be enough to top the ticket sales of the original series. At this point in time, I cannot say I see this film succeeding. I enjoy the talented people working on the project, however this reboot seems too soon and it is doubtful that it will make enough to spark interest in a sequel.
Thank you for Valentime's. Thank you for candy and for our house. Thank you for me being kind to Teagan and I like when I am kind and I want to be kind to Teagan every month. I just feel so great when I am kind and I like Valentimes and my fwiends and and my house and it's just so great and so good and all the time.
8) Any plans to ride the ‘Bike Hall Contest’ over in the Czech Republic at the end of the month? Bike Hall Contest!!! I`d love to go, but it’s not going to happen because I have to do something else in Romania… It’s a good thing it’s not a street course, I`d be hanging on a rope under a bridge!!!
So often we want our wilderness experience to be over with as soon as possible. For so many Christians they never move from Glory to Glory and Faith to Faith because they never embrace the necessary wilderness experience. Moses was in the wilderness for 40 years. Jesus was in the wilderness for 40 days. The time spent in the wilderness is depended upon our capacity to face temptation. The devil tempted Jesus for 40 days in the wilderness…the temptation by the enemy is a necessary screening process to see WHAT WE WILL GIVE UP and HOW WE WILL TRUST GOD TO PROVIDE.
Gregory: why doesn’t Obama make the Super
Griffin and others contained that growth by quickly undermining branches in areas that growth had taken place in by sacking organisers where it did. East London was the first, followed by Oldham and Burnley later Bradford and Birmingham. The BNPs peak was contained and undermined by state ops working within.
Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University, where he had close ties to
Card Stock: White
Best. Idea. Ever.
So, like I had said before, I was doing amazing on WW and really loving it (and I still love the program), but my head has been playing major games with me lately and food is my weapon of choice. I'm still down in weight but my relationship with food has been bizarre to say the least. I have been going way overboard on Easter candy, for weeks now. I've been eating, to either stuff emotions, stuff fears or just plain stuff, I'm not sure which one it is! And I sit hear completely concious of it all and almost laughing at myself in a way because it just seems so absurd, yet I cannont jump out of the cycle. I'm caught up right in the middle of it, along for the ride, wanting to get off and yet strangley not at the same time. It's obvious that it is feeding (no pun intended) some huge need in me, I just can't figure out where that need comes from. I know the need is to obsess about my body and my weight, I'm just not sure why.
The movie attempts to give a “lesson” to viewers on what happens when you whore-yourself out (or fake whore-yourself-out in this case) and how people can be judgmental/start rumors/yadda yadda yadda. The message to me was skewed by the terrible plot/acting…yikes!
Now I am so excited to announce that thanks to Happy Eco Baby you can get your very own starter set of Charlie Banana OS diapers and supplies. Happy Eco Baby has very generously donated an awesome gift to give to one of my very lucky readers. They hope to help somebody to get started with cloth diapering or to help build someone's stash. See the details below to enter:
College Hill, MA 34109
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Pardon the flash overload as it was in a poorly lit room with my phone camera. She burrowed in under this blanket and then popped back out to stare at me.
When I don’t respond, my mother walks to the door. “Get ready to leave, then. I’ll be downstairs.” She pauses. “Don’t keep me waiting.” The door clicks shut behind her.
I promise you, proper posts are coming soon! How soon I cannot say, since I seem to be coming down with a cold and may not have much energy in the next few days, but they are coming (some possible/likely topics are: drug use among young people, parental trust, and bodily autonomy; You Know You're An Unschooler When...; a post on the relationship between anarchy and unschooling...)!
I am here
Even if he wasn’t blinded by the setting sun and the sweat that was running into his eyes, in his agitation he was unable to register the exact order of events. The oars were still splashing and there was a lot of screaming. Someone was shouting orders, then just shouting. Not all the screams sounded scared. A few must have thought it exciting and were calling to each other, looking for spectators and admiration as they jumped into the murky water before the boat completely overturned to its side. A single child’s voice rose above the din in a continuous, unnerving wail.
My kids love the drumsticks so I often buy extra drumsticks and stuff them too.
Origin to Origin is Orihin to Orihin
the winners of the Make Something Beautiful Ecourse
I’d like to say taking out a stall to do portrait and tattoo photography at the Scottish Tattoo Convention was an unprecedented success.
taking us all the down to the dark depths
Now, before I go off and be all productive, I would just like to point out last week wasn't a complete dead loss. You may or may not know, there is currently a tweetathon organised by the Society of Authors going on every Wednesday, in support of the short story. I already blogged about this here. Last week, I took part for the first time, and my line was selected to form part of the short, short story. You can see details of all the short stories, and more details about the tweetathon and the campaign by clicking here. If you have some time spare on Wednesday from 11am to 3pm UK time, please do take part. It's good fun, and an excellent way of promoting the short story.
To be able to paint the egg all over, so that you do not have to hold it, and get finger marks all over it, you can take a wooden skewer which you can get in a kitchen shop or supermarket, normally used for barbecueing, and skewer the egg on it, sticking the skewer in through the bottom hole you made, and fixing it in the top hole in the egg.
Level 5: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 150 seconds, All Stats: +3%.
The Canada that existed prior to WWII was much different from the post-war Canada. There is no denying that Mackay was a traitor to his people. That is not the issue. It is recognition of the disproportionate involvement of Jewish interest groups who coordinated a full scale press against the Anglo/Franco host population, on humanitarian grounds. The S v K decision allowed blacks to move into white neighborhoods in St. Louis. The result is that St. Louis is now one of the most dangerous cities in the U.S.
But yes I heard about such an emergency exit. I asked some friends about it, they as well heard about it, but couldn’t help me further. Only this year in 2012 I found finally someone who actually went with me. This was good because finding the entrance to the emergency exit out of the big city isn’t that easy.
The second book is more ambitious and in some ways more satisfying, being rooted in all-too-readily imaginable reality: The Submission by Amy Waldman reconstructs the process of choosing the 9/11 memorial for the site of the Twin Towers but imagines a scenario where the winning design, chosen anonymously from thousands of submissions, was created by a Muslim architect. Before the selection has been announced to the public, the selection committee is torn apart by the resulting conflict. The book was written before the controversy about the proposed Muslim cultural centre at Ground Zero, but eerily foreshadows it. The characters are complex, and beautifully drawn with their frustratingly dogmatic thoughts and opinions, never quite behaving the way they should, and never quite making the matter an easy one.
So lucky to spend time together.
And, with good reason. Their CIC sounded more like he was repeating “Peace in Our Time” than the end to a successful military campaign.
Brown also served for Great Expectations, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, Habitat for Humanity and was past chair of The United Way.
Here's my written piece and image. I hope you enjoy it. I found it rather freeing to write in such a different style/topic for this publication.
my Western shore the same,
This past week has been full of good friends and good times. I went to a movie with a girlfriend last week (the mom of one of Jerry's friends). A friend from college came up on Friday and we hung out, had dinner, then enjoyed a bottle of wine on the deck while we watched the stars come out as a garden spider spun his web right at the end of the deck. (We saw a Mickey Mouse balloon float by, too.) Monday I had lunch with a friend who has been MIA for the last year. It was great to catch up and she brought me some homemade nectarine/lemon verbena jam that is absolutely amazing. (I'm eating it on toast now!) Yesterday I visited my grandma for a couple hours. Here we are. I love my grandma. I really need to visit her more often. (I also really need to start working out--look at the size of that giant, fat arm!)
Say Hello to Santa
New Holland Ichabod Pumpkin Ale
His arms protect the worlds.
Life and exhilaration
Future - The Journey:
Pegasus and Unicorn drawn cabs: best form of licensed travel..no horsing around.
*Clem’s Cream Ale:
Kelly: 3.8
nb: Son Of Baldwin makes a pertinent point about the very name "Elastigirl" in the comments below which I ought to have done and didn't. I'm kicking myself about that, but at least he nailed what I should have mentioned. Mea culpa.
He then tries to launch the alien ship and return to earth and seed it with the alien eggs or the DNA seeds, hence why the alien ship is rammed by the crew in the movie clip.
As I say goodbye from the other side
Afterthought: 6:10 p.m.
*Davy Overcomes Recurring Death
Never felt the rain pouring on me, heard the thunder and saw a cloud.
Don’t forget to head over to the challenge blog and see what colours the rest of the DT picked as their plus one.
Agent One: DRUGS! DRUGS!! MORE DRUGS!!! Didn't you go to Interrogation 101 at the Academy? We need a court order, but all we have to tell the judge is he's crazy, and he will be totally insane after we give him the drugs.
Squishy hugs to all love Vicky xoxoxoxoxo
- Flower punch (flower centers - water distressed)
And at 10.29 on 30th July 2010, after long and careful deliberation, Mr. (or could it be Miss? Hmmm…) Banerjee replied:
Honestly from entering the offices only a year or so ago, to this new image, really smacks of Virgin continuing its investment into its staff. VA knows that its staff is its real big competition buster, and as such makes sure they are happy. It’s fair to say a happy office makes for happy staff!
Blog:
"He attacked me. It was a clear attempt to impede my performance of my duties as a Gifted."
Written by Ellie Bethel. Illustrated by Alexandra Colombo. Ages 4-8.
Friday was 100 times better because I actually worked out back at CrossFit Instinct! It was me, my sister, and a fellow female member (she’s going to Regionals yay!) and we did a partner-trio WOD-
Fresh Peas from our garden
"And I ain't not going to never call youse ever again."
So if things like that get you embarrassed or uncomfortable maybe taking the food out doors is the best solution for you.
no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
I was shown into the attic chamber by a grave, intelligent-looking man with quiet clothes and an iron-gray beard, who spoke to me in this fashion:
It's a little too gassy in the glass to be my very favourite bottled beer, but the bottle-conditioning is among the best on the market, resulting in an effortlessly clear pour with no need whatsoever for tears or tantrums.
Now that we were done, we all decided to go have some Pizza before calling it a night. It was late, but we knew a local Pizza Place that was open and headed in that direction as we laughed and carried on. Then in an instant, in the darkness of the night, our lives were changed and nearly over. We were struck by an oncoming vehicle and I can only relay these details as they were told to me since it was the passenger side right behind me that was impacted and I was knocked out cold. The car was totaled and a bloody mess, I was hit in the head and the fellow behind me had nearly every bone broken... a phone call was made to my mother that night telling her that if she didn't rush to the hospital I might not make it. Can you imagine how that would be if it were your child? I totally lost about 3 weeks of my life as I do not remember anything at all until one day when I just "woke up". The other passengers had whiplash, cuts, bruises and I am not really sure what else, but the two of us on the passenger side had the worst of the injuries. In fact, I was picking glass out of my head for the next year!!
Second grade math- got it. The crisis in Egypt- yeah sort of.
Meanwhile, back home in Koodankulam, as this guest post by DEEPA RAJKUMARreminds us, unrelenting state repression continues of the massive, non-violent struggle against the proposed nuclear plant there.
That pre-ordained time of marriage cannot be avoided. Explain this to your soul.
The south will also have to face up to its own internal ethnic rivalries and resolve a bitter dispute with the north over the ownership of the central Abyei region.
Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof.
An Education
Sara Bennett delivered an erotic, sensual romance novel filled with hope that love will eventually conquer all.
If you have always wanted to replace your double DIN radio with a touch screen monitor, but didn’t want to pay someone hundreds of dollars or spend countless hours fiberglassing one into your dash then look no further. Our double DIN monitor is the easy solution because we have done all of the work for you. Just unpack the monitor, connect your wiring, and attach it to the stock radio mounting holes* and you are done… Read More >>
I've also made this with Drambuie - I was given a bottle once and it's a very flexible cocktail ingredient. It's already sweetened with honey, so just add lemon and shake over ice.
In a 10-inch or 12-inch sauté pan, toast pecans in a 350 degrees F., oven (low fan) for 10 minutes. Coat pecans with honey. Once coated, place pan on medium heat and add butter. Lightly sauté pecans, season with salt and pepper, remove from heat. In a mixing bowl, place powdered sugar and hot pecans and stir until evenly coated. Place on a sheet pan and cool. With a knife, chop pecans into smaller pieces.
Canon EOS 40D – F 2:8 – 1/100 sec – ISO 320 – FL 60mm – No flash Hand Held – Limited process work in Corel Paint Shop Photo 3X
Hot air balloon companies fly in the early morning calm. No wind could be felt on the morning of our scheduled ride so we figured it would be a peaceful one, maybe even boring. Little did we know that our pilot craved extreme sports.
We also honour thy love of Jesus, O thou that art called the brother of the Lord, on whose venerable features was stamped the likeness of our Redeemer. If, like the rest of the Apostles, thou didst abandon him in his Passion, thy repentance was speedy and earnest, for thou wast the first, after Peter, to whom he appeared after his Resurrection. We affectionately congratulate thee, O James, for the honour thus conferred upon thee; do thou, in return, obtain for us that we may taste and see how sweet is our Risen Lord. Thy ambition was to give him every possible proof of thy gratitude; and the last testimony thou didst bear, in the faithless city, to the divinity of thy dear Master (when the Jews took thee to the top of the Temple) opened to thee, by martyrdom, the way that was to unite thee to him for eternity. Pray for us, O thou generous Apostle, that we also may confess his holy Name with the firmness which befits his disciples; and that we may ever be brave and loyal in proclaiming his rights as King over all creatures.
I’m a backrow sinner at a tent revival,
We took the kids to the Mardi Gras parade in Orange Beach, this year. It was a beautiful day, the Hubby happened to have a day off, and thanks to conflicting online reports as to the starting time of the parade, we ended up spending the whole day down there. It was loads of fun!
At the moment, I've cracked open the Aooni, which is a nice, subdued IPA. Much like when I tried the Tokyo Black at Keg Nagoya, I can trace the mainstay Yona Yona in the background, but the bitterness comes through nicely.
To the GOP: Your own moral failings are blinding you. You’ve got to clear your vision.
01. Finest Worksong
As you can see in the above picture, the birthday boy wore a Cat in the Hat shirt. It is actually from pajamas he got from his Oma and Opa. He also had a blast showing off his new Cat in the Hat shoes, also from Oma and Opa.
at home, to hear about them when something happens.
It's time to play RTG BINGO - pick a line, vertical, horizontal, or diagonal and use the elements on that line to create something. Please tell us in your post what elements you have chosen to use - that would help us enormously.
(you see some smaller circles of dough off on the right side. Those are made with the scraps and are an extra special side when making fried pies. They are a bit thicker than the pie rounds)
As for the twelve grapes of luck -las doce uvas de la suerte, a tradition that I have brought with me from Argentina- it is in fact, a Spanish tradition still kept in my family. When the clocks strike 12 at midnight on Nochevieja (Old Night, in Spanish), the twelve grapes are eaten, each grape representing a month and symbolising hope and good wishes for the New Year.
I decided I wanted to be Ace Frehley when I was about 9 years old. I mowed lawns and shoveled driveways for a year to buy my first shitty guitar and amp at the local music shop. If I only could have afforded lessons, I might have gotten good at it. In retrospect, it was worth doing it the way it was done!
The first incline was frequently covered by rock slides, so they put in a really large set of fencing and rock blocks to hold the hillside back. I saw an interesting red flower, which I assume to be some sort of poppy. It's the first time I remember seeing this flower anywhere, and right along this incline was the only place I saw it today. I suspect they scattered some seeds for it during their last construction period here.
Cover: It's beautiful. I love the soft, watercolor feel it has to it.
Here’s Lookin’ at You, Kid…
Or is there? As it happens, neither live music clubs nor independent record stores have disappeared from the planet, though they do all have websites now. Nearly fifty years ago, an inveterate weirdo named Frank Zappa suggested that the “mainstream comes to you, but you have to go to the underground.” So I have returned to Austin to test this perfectly reasonable definition of ‘underground’ (I also want a decent plate of nachos.) I have found a flea market for locally-made electronic instruments like the Autonomous Bassline Generator, and a fourteen piece, orchestral pop group called Mother Falcon, playing at a club called Mohawk.
2. Upon proof of claim that you know what a ‘person’ actually is, legally speaking.
The next problem book is the sixth. After writing five novels the sixth one should be easy, right? Nope. It's just as hard as the others. Harder in fact, as now you should know what you are doing and there should be a higher good to crap ratio. But there isn't.
Could we cut the bull? The PLCB's real main argument for existence, the only reason they still have the monopoly on liquor and wine sales in Pennsylvania, is because of the money they funnel into the state's coffers. Three-quarters of that money is taxes, and we'll close our eyes and pretend that's a straight push-through. But a quarter of it is 'profits,' going into the general fund to be spent on programs to benefit the citizens of the Commonwealth. If this 'independent agency' is spending some of its gross on questionable stuff like changing the name of their monopoly stores, it is the taxpayer's money that is not going into the general fund.
When you hate Breivik enough to allow your hatred to manipulate you into supporting your government, fellow citizens and the media to deny Breivik a rule of law free and fair trial; then you are doing exactly what Breivik -- and the English and Norwegian Defense League??? -- wants you to do??
So I was sitting there working on a quote for a customer, when my fear became a reality. The relative quiet of the establishment was broken with the words, "So how are you doing today?" I glanced up to see the beaming young woman looking right at me. With a small amount of anxiety I replied, "I'm doing great. How are you?"
Isn't it hard to believe that we used to go miles (well, in the city, it was long blocks) before finding a phone booth and then be at the mercy of whether or not it was free and whether we had a quarter in our pocket? It was strange, a few weeks ago, not seeing many phone booths anymore in NYC.
DeLillo captures the state of modern life, the society of the spectacle, and the notion of the future as the here-and-now, with considerable deft. Not only that, he manages to create a neoteric social satire, funny, plangent, absurd, terrifying, and skillfully evocative of modern-day life. A life for which, according to one of Jack’s colleagues, we spend years trying to “devise a shape, a plan” – a plan which is in itself redundant, because, as the book’s resonant refrain suggests, “all plots tend toward death”. And while we wait for this dreaded day, we “wait together, regardless of age, our carts stocked with brightly coloured goods. A slowly moving line, satisfying, giving us time to glance at the tabloids in the racks. Everything we need that is not food or love is here in the tabloid racks. The tales of the supernatural and the extraterrestrial. The miracle vitamins, the cures for cancer, the remedies for obesity. The cult of the famous and the dead,” in this age, our age, of the apocalyptic and the ordinary, rich in magic and dread.
Accentuating differences
Hi guys! Welcome back. This is the second edition of The Indie 400. This week’s guest is Amy Maurer Jones and her upcoming YA Paranormal romance novel, WILDFLOWER, expected to be released in early June.
Khasawneh quit on Thursday and King Abdullah II, who appointed him last October to placate protesters inspired by uprisings across the Arab world, accepted his resignation.
DPs: Butterfly collection by Pink Paislee
dew through the
I guess we need to go back and read that first post of ours: Writing is hard. Writing is incredibly hard. But you know what, Internet audience? It doesn't matter.
Anyway, we made it just fine.
for they will be shown mercy.
Police said in a report that the man told her it was none of her business where he was going.
I'm enjoying a Tim Holtz on-line course at the moment. Lots of new techniques and getting all inky with distressed inks, distressed stains and all manner of crafty stuff!
It is already too late for South Africa, but not for America if enough people strengthen their spine and take on the race terrorists, the armies of the "politically correct" and, most dangerous of all, the craven politicians who believe "compassionate conservatism" will buy them a few more votes, a few more days of peace.
At the top of the hill, just before the gate we had entered previously, a wooden style crosses the fence and leads to the same spot. As I stood here and rested a while something told me the style was the right way to enter into the ritual landscape this evening, for this time we wasn’t simply visiting or on a reccy, this time there was work to be done.
Although the evidence for τῷ θεῷ is slight (A eth), this reading best accounts for the origin of the others. Wishing to provide ἠγόρασας with a more exactly determined object than is found in the words ἐκ πάσης φυλῆς κ.τ.λ., some scribes introduced ἡμᾶς either before τῷ θεῷ (94 2344 al) or after τῷ θεῷ (א 046 1006 1611 2053 al), while others replaced τῷ θεῷ with ἡμᾶς (1 2065* Cyprian al). Those who made the emendations, however, overlooked the unsuitability of ἡμᾶς with αὐτούς in the following verse (where, indeed, the Textus Receptus reads ἡμᾶς, but with quite inadequate authority). See also the following comment.
The writer, a former newspaper editor, is a researcher and peace and human-rights activist based in Delhi. Email: prafulbidwai1@yahoo.co.in
Nikolas (Hilde´s daughter)
Set a large pot of water to simmer.
I chopped 2 leeks and then rinsed them really, really well. Saute over medium heat for 10 minutes in a couple of teaspoons of olive oil and a dash of salt in a large soup pot. If you wanted, the leeks could be skipped and start with the spices and garlic. Put 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons of curry powder, 1 teaspoon of ground cumin, and 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of cayenne pepper. Stir until you can smell the cumin and curry. Add a clove or two of chopped garlic and saute for 1 minute and then scrape all roasted veggies into the pot and stir.
$0.99 Lindsay Olives 5-6 oz. – with in-ad coupon – limit 3
Through you runs something similar to an electrical current running through a toaster or television, let’s call this your ‘bio-energy’.
We discussed that challenges of our schools in terms of language issues. and so, why bother leaving to understand a new language whenever you can work from home and learn? the certainty is you dont have time to attend classes after a good day at perform. Divergent objectives to master English in UNITED STATES hamper the learning technique of both the associates. You should furthermore test your perception of English language considering the many free fun grammar and language exercises platform available online too. Listen to your current English mini story several times a day. present online interactive lessons offer flexible learning including conversational communicating, grammar, reading and comprehension. teachers pay teachers Adjectives, adverbs, verbs and also grammar functional terms are great words to study through listening. By using software package to convert almost any text to AUDIO, learning is not limited to prospects with immediate use of a book or computer screen. teacherspayteachers For that English grammar scholars should know the particular difference between girl or boy, singular or plural, verb and posting. One might join English terminology schools, buy uk language books, language language learning cd albums, or install british language software into their personal computer to understand written and conversing English.
Sparkin’ up a rhythm
Many people believed deeply in Edwards and felt his series of betrayals personally; they cared about him, which made what he did all the worse. He was supposed to be a different kind of politician but wound up being the same old kind of politician. The trial then amounts to a cathartic moment for many of his one-time fans.
Her white head-cover now exchanged for a black one,
When the call came I was in a taxi near the Ecole Normale Superieure (in Quartier du Fleuve), where a normally two-way street had suddenly and quite spontaneously become one-way east-bound, with both lanes moving in the same direction, albeit slowly due to heavy congestion. I heard a few shots fired near the Central Bank tower but couldn’t see where they’d come from or what caused them.
Lokah samastha sukhino bavanthu
An answer to my prayers, a country road opened up,
Congratulations to Mr. Mourinho on winning his 7th league championship in 4 different countries.
The study’s implications may be severe for wild salmon. “Even the best case scenario of an additional 10% mortality from farm-origin sea lice could push a fish stock into the red zone,” said biologist Dr. John Volpe, a study co-author at the University of Victoria.
Melissa Perello’s new restaurant sells two house wines on tap, custom-blended by California’s Core Wine Company.
Much later, after sending away one more happy man, He looked up and around. Thousands were there, so neglected and still in need of His attention. He felt very sorry for them, deeply moved, but time was up. Many were getting hungry. It was late. The disciples were way past tired as they still regretted that they were not more secretive about their holiday destination. At that moment, the Master took a most disturbing decision. He wouldn’t send the crowd away, He would invite them along.
I did have a great time this summer with the weight being gone. I wore a bikini on the beach and felt pretty good. I even got my fair share of looks, I was shocked! I have a nice little 2 pack at the top of my abs, working on the other 4 but honestly abs are all about diet, and I gotta eat more clean to get that nice cut look I would love to have. I am realistic though, my body went through some really bad trauma with the weight gain and I am not sure it will bounce back 100%, I know this and know that for now it's ok. After I have children, I will be getting some serious nip and tuck action up in here!
Aural Fit, Mubomuso
It was the right place.
Even Sean Connery himself couldn't make Meteor anything special, and that's saying a lot. He gives his Sean Connery best but neither he nor his Wonder Rug could make any portion of Meteor enjoyable, interesting to watch and anything more than what it is nowadays: an ode to Cold Wars past and a grasp for detente in a pre-Perestroika era. This is nothing more than a time capsule and a bad time capsule at that, where the freshness seal is long since broken.
Let me repeat: If you give Him an honest opportunity and Jesus doesn’t prove Himself to you, then I believe you have a legitimate reason for rejecting Him. Jesus proved Himself to me!
In 1632, gold was first mined, leading to further discoveries of extensive copper deposits. Towards the later 1600s, copper was exploited with the name “Cobre Caracas.” These mines became property of Simón Bolívar’s family.
It’s real fool check the big bad Mo
And here they were, Tom and E@L pulling up at Henschke first up as this famous vineyard (Hill Of Grace, up there with Grange) only opens its Cellar in the morning. And even though it was only a whisper after 10am, they were not quite the first ones to start to sample the fare. An older couple (not much older E@L thinks back on it now) have moved already to the reds.
DownEast Home and Clothing is one of my very favorite places to shop for great furniture, linens and accessories. I used to work there so I know what great deals you can find. They sell designer brands at a discount so think of it as a kind of outlet for Pottery Barn, West Elm, Gumps, Z Gallerie etc. Everything they sell is exactly half off what you would spend at a retail store! Some of my very favorite things in my home have come from DownEast.
Row 17- do not ch1, turn, sl st in 5sc, ch1, sc in sm sp and next 5sc. (6)
Anyway, there I was, driving a route van with one hand and taking pictures out the window with the other (I am nothing if not a safe driver), when I came across this:
As a blush fiend, it take a lot to truly impress me, and I was rather impressed by the smooth and incredibly fine texture of the Blush Imperiale. It felt extremely silky to touch when I was swatching, and even more so when applying to my cheek with a brush.
1-3/4" x 7/8" Oval Large Punch (119855)
If you have never had matzo balls, you are really missing something. They are very popular on the east coast in a bowl of chicken soup. Kids of all ages love them, and they are really easy to make.
“Unlike most real markets,” wrote Henningsen, “the carbon market was created by banks and governments so that new investment opportunities could seamlessly dovetail with specific government policies. It’s a fantasy casino based on a doctrine of pure science fiction.”
In fact, myth #7 is already busted before they have even started. I mean, just have a gander at this bollocks!
Factionalism, corruption and the use of political violence (including assassination) were all part of the ANC's life in exile. All these tendencies were at work from the moment that the ANC relaunched itself back in South Africa in 1990. The truth was disguised for a while by the Mandela leadership cult but the fact is, of course, that the arms deal and the corruption it brought into the centre of South African life, occurred under Mandela's presidency.
The 15-person blog team will employ a technique called “fusion journalism,” representing a new vision of journalism applied in real-time situations. Western iMedia will integrate traditional storytelling with video interviews, photography and crowdsourcing social media.
improv scenes where she's played with just about everyone from Peter Brötzmann or Roscoe Mitchell to God Speed You! Black Emperor or Eugene Chadbourne. This fact signals that this is demanding music. It's busy, loquacious and angular and squarely in debt to the 'new thing' of the sixties.
5. Brighton belt, $1
“We will be looking into clearer announcements to the public as this is obviously a problem that needs to be addressed”.
They are No-Show Socks made by Hue (which most women readers will likely recognize as the maker of tights, leggings, etc.). Unlike my Banana Republic pair, these have elastic around the upper portion, which allows them to stay up better. However, the best part about them is that they have a little silicone pad on the back heel which helps prevent them from slipping down off the heel. While I'm not going to say that they never slip, I would say 85% of the time they manage to stay up, regardless of what type of shoes I'm wearing. I currently wear them with boat shoes, blucher mocs, Wallabees, LL Bean rubber mocs, penny loafers, and other types of dress shoes. I wear them probably 95% of the time nowadays.
So, more than two months have gone by since the end of the end of that relationship. I can honestly say that I’ve been good. I’ve had my moments, but it’s more that I am just so beaten down about love in general, but I’m not sad about him. I know what you’re all gonna say, but I really am just so tired and sick of looking for love. It’s such an exhausting feeling that instantly makes my heart sink when I think about going through the whole process again. I’m in no way mourning the loss of him anymore. Just mourning the loss of the dream. And loss of the hope.
Avoid cosmetics that dry or irritate your skin
Dal is a basic dish made in every desi's kitchen almost daily. It is a must in my house too. As we all know dal can be prepared in many types, plain or with veggies or with greens, the options are endless.
were led to Selem, to her sister Abeba, to the stoop of their hut, please step in with us and learn their story:
THE REAL by James Cole (very good horror/thriller tale)
The top two teams of the region automatically go to the Summer Olymics. Though there’d be some bragging rights to winning CONCACAF’s Olympic qualifying tournament, the real goal was getting out of semis. And, Mexico did just that in a 3-1 victory over Canada. Tomorrow is the final.
Shame on me for propping her up there!
The Devil Bat-FABULOUS SOUL CD-R (burned from a Sister Skull Rekkids release)
Perhaps Judge La-la La-Grange needs a vacay to such a place as the Muslim country of Pakistan. Yes, indeed. What better place to rouse her from her imaginary land of make believe. Judge LaGrange declared that Shariah law “lacks a legal character” and “is not law." Tell that to the tens of thousands of dead non-Muslims, women, children, et al.
“Indigenous wisdom reveals a path to the future that does not include a buy-out of the earth’s natural systems. With these three words, Karma Tshiteem, Secretary of the Bhutan Gross National Happiness Commission, ended his brief description of Bhutan’s distinctive approach to economic development. It caught my attention because of the striking contrast to our common Western phrase, “Time is money.”
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Building - The building is 25,200 square feet and its two great wings are 55 feet high. The great fountain in the center court, 120 feet high, plays a "synchronous symphony of color, sound and water."
PS: According the the people in this video, they were pushed into the streets , grouped together so that they too can be tear-gassed.
Molson Breweries Of Canada. Ltd. Molson Canadian Lager
UPDATE: 10 p.m. – Mitt Romney said in a statement released by his presidential campaign:
Proving once again that the Gowanus Canal , the first US Environental Protection Agency's Superfund site in New York City, is of global interest, a delegation from India toured the waterway this past Friday morning to learn not only about its industrial history, the level of pollution and of clean-up options, but to also gain further understanding of the Superfund program.
We didn't write in the name "Dick Clark"
if only you stuck to your own life,
Sending tears from your lofty heights
Cisco’s stats speak for themselves. Enjoy!
3 1/2 cups white flour
Before you start the next section, you may like to clear the terminal window of the previous commands so the output of the following commands can be clearly understood.
If true, may he rest in peace. If true, this is a somber victory and should be regarded as such. No one wins when we make a martyr of anyone, and especially not when people figuratively spit on his grave. I'm truly sorry that this has to be the resolution of the whole terrible ordeal.
It's a sigh of:
:: bent wire in the same pattern over and over and over, but I don't know what I am making...
I got dressed, I flopped back in bed, I tried to read, I tried to relax with a cooking show until I “figured it out”. It was so incredibly uncomfortable. I considered closing all the curtains and trying to go to sleep until the afternoon. There’s so much to do, so much to write. The places I’ve been, the people met, the food happily eaten in the past few weeks… but how do you do anything on a day like this?
The kids loved playing with Thunder Mountain Railroad, while I want to go back to Star Tours!!
She then did a horrible little test in which she shot cold and then warm water into my ears, altertating left and right. During this odd and uncomfortable little bit of weirdness, she asked me to name things...e.g. names of women, in alphabetical order, names of men, names of geographic locations, and names of animals. And - people, this is so freaky - when she filled up my left ear with water, so I only had my right ear to work with, I COULD NOT name animals. AT ALL. And that room was spinning like I was on a centrifuge.
the shapes the kite makes that the strings bring back.
From the car park, round the dam and back takes about an hour. At the moment the car park is free however there is talk of charging to park here.
Starring: Lana Turner and John Garfield
Two pretty fantastic options, as we are all very fortunate to be Australian, and to live in this lucky country.
Don't be a hater. Your baby ain't sweet like mine.
In case you didn’t notice, I had previously tried uploading a post about my recent beach adventures. But it didn’t work and I lost all my work. So sorry if this post is shorter than most, I’m not up for writing the same (intelligent, awesome, genius, witty–hah-aha) twice.
For all its hilarity, The 14th Tale is a meditation on mortality and change, on the transition from childhood into adulthood that happens when suddenly "trouble" means something different from childish mischief-making. It's a beautifully modulated performance, punctuated by a clever but unobtrusive lighting design by Michael Nabarro, and wholly engrossing: 55 minutes vanishes in a flash. An unexpected gem.
Now. It is rather obvious through your Twitter and Facebook that Celtic is a club that you hold closely to your heart. Compared to other clubs that you support, like AIK, how does this compare and why is Celtic so special?
But down the road, it’s getting more clear with new revelations concerning the LAW. I was reasoning a lone why Christ had to come if at all the law was effective.
Rosehip Seed Oil(Rosa Affinis Rubiginosa) contains Vitamin A, which helps to delay the effects of skin aging, assists with cell regeneration, and promotes collagen and elastin levels to increase. This results in firmer, smoother, and more youthful skin with greater elasticity. Rosehip seed oil also contains a high amount of essential fatty acids and Vitamin E, which further promotes healthy skin. In particular, it is rich in linoleic and linolenic acids, which are important skin nutrients.
If you have an iPad2, you can use a projector and Apple’s connector to present your notes to a group. Although the developer claims you can “connect your iPad to a projector to show off your sketches…” it is not clear if this feature is available on the 1st generation iPad.
Let’s get outraged about the casting decisions by the makers of Two and A Half Men or the shameful tokenism of virtually every show you can think of. Better yet, let’s have a come-to-Jesus conversation about race on TV and in film more broadly. Let’s not make the women and the people of color battle amongst themselves.
From The Daily Beast Article:
That's right! Forget about peace, freedom, biodiversity, cultural diversity. In fact, say goodbye to pretty much all, if not all, those things that make life worth living...that is, if you're a supporter of biocide/agriculture...
But I did manage to make another Spirit Cloth...a tiny one this time (my wrinkly hand is there to show size :-) ) It's going to be the centre panel for a cushion - when I can get hold of some dark blue velvet.
- Kelenna Azubuike and Chuck Hayes were the only players with half shoe sizes.
With the EVO 4G it was obvious early on the many “underground” developers and third party manufacturers were fully embracing this device. With any device that is the first of its kind comes many complaints for a variety of reasons. Hands down the largest complaint on this device was battery life. This opened up a huge market for third party manufacturers of batteries. I myself purchased two Anker brand batteries with a wall charger that allows me to charge the device and a spare battery at the same time. Now I use these batteries for my normal every day usage with no worries of the battery lasting me a full day without charge. I also purchased an extended high capacity battery for when I am going to really be hammering on the device and will not be near a power source to charge my device.
In another chapter, Dick and Jane approach a man in a chair reading a newspaper. “Look, Jane, look. There is Father. Hello, Father.” On the next page, vampire lowers the newspaper. “Oh, oh, oh. That is not our father. Run, Jane! Run, Dick!” Dick and Jane get the heck out of there.
One Week in the Death of Britain
Ghost Hunter 1: I think a ghost just came out of my ass!
Back in her own room the staff gently closed the door and I leaned forward and introduced myself.
“I think you use it to seed multiple projects like we’re doing,” Lieber said.
Explore Stylish Budget Timepieces With Geneva Platinum WatchesAre you the kind of woman who's constantly adding to your jewelry collection? You're running out of space, aren't you? We all know the type - the woman who can't get enough of sparkling baubles, the one who's always up on the latest trends, who can't wait to try out safety pin earrings and necklaces so heavy you think they'll weigh down the neck. The funny thing about these trendsetters? Sometimes, they're so set in their jewelry loving ways that they forget about function - and these days, function is just as important as style.
We paid $350 for it in 2001, and we're selling it now for $225 OBO
No scene or chapter should end in a happy moment unless it is the end of the book. If you solve your character’s problems, why would anyone need to keep reading?
New Bandoleer collection was inspired by the iconic bullet belts in military wear, super heavy & beefy appearance can compare with the original factory strap. This new Bandoleer curve end bracelet is special made for 44mm PANERAI watch which fits perfectly. A total of 20 solid 316L stainless steel links compose the bracelet and gleam with a subtle brush finish. An ideal aftermarket replacement band for Panerai watch.
Inventor of Kellogg Cereals (originally made only with whole grain and fruit sugars such as corn syrup)
The unity that we lost, the desolation
Readers, I know that most of you haven’t cancelled any weddings, but you probably have felt the loss after the end of a relationship. Is there anything else you would add to this list?
They even used a couple of quotes in the show that we were pretty sure were actually from Revelation. So, our interest piqued by the show, we pulled out Emi's bible (the story of which is mentioned here), and started reading The Book of Revelation. Man, is that one trippy story. But very interesting (and Emi is very good at reading dramatically aloud)! As well as being entertaining, it says a lot about the culture of the time.
We start with a basic rhythm...not much different than what we have been doing all summer. We decide to spend some time creating art-journals and playing lots of Chinese Checkers and Dominoes to get to know eachother better.
Well, some time ago, precisely in November i think, i wanted to try Windows Phone for myself so as the choice was limited to just a few models i picked up HTC Trophy. First impression was stunning. It was fresh, innovative, different from whatever was previously on the market and when you hold this phone in a hand you immediately know its Windows Phone.
We all felt the arrival of Zonke with the band setting up and all, as she was still waiting in her travel bus. Karabo did indeed confirm our assumptions and said that Zonke had arrived, thanks to the exclusive VIP re mo gwathile pele lol. Honestly I don’t know much of Zonke’s songs but thanks to the guy who was at the very front screaming his lungs out and introducing/rather requesting each and every song and Zonke adhering to his requests, I now know who Zonke is and what she’s capable off.
Prime city centre office rents are reportedly unchanged at €296 psm (€27.50 psf) and CBRE reports that there is a very healthy 180,000 sq metres (2m sq ft) of requirements throughout Dublin at present with Microsoft and Arthur Cox amongst those looking for new space. Rents in the western suburbs of Dublin are estimated at €134.50 psm (€12.50 psf).
A few TBS milk
The temperature is too warm for a jacket but too cold for a t-shirt. Oh, and the fall fashions are delightful! It's definitely my favorite time of year to buy clothes (and wear them).
The first question wasn’t a hard one, and it was on a topic I’m pretty familiar with. Unfortunately I didn’t realise that I was supposed to be in a different room from the majority of people until I got to the main exam hall, so by the time I ran to a building I’d never been to before and found out where I was supposed to go (up three flights of stairs and through a myriad of double doors) I barely managed to sit down before the exam started. This completely threw me, for obvious reasons, and it took me a good fifteen minutes to be able to think straight – and it didn’t help that I felt really underprepared for the exam in general.
Mandela was the terrorist leader of a violent terrorist organisation, the ANC (African National Congress) which was responsible for many thousands of, mostly black, deaths. The ANC's blood spattered history is frequently ignored, but reminders occasionally pop up in the most embarrassing places, indeed as recently as this month the names of Nelson Mandela and most of the ANC remained on the US government's terrorist watch list along with al-Queda, Hezbollah and the Tamil Tigers. Of course the forces of political correctness are rushing to amend that embarrassing reminder from the past. However, Mandela's name was not on that list by mistake, he was there because of his Murderous past.
The situation “is worse today,” said the Rev. Richard Byrd of Krst Unity Center of Afrakan Spiritual Science, near Western and Florence avenues. “From the standpoint of where we ought to be today, we’ve failed to make any progress.”
Okay, so I was supposed to have a post prepared for today, however the weekend kind of got away from me. This works out well for you, lovely followers, because it means I'm going to act like I'm on top of things and do a giveaway.
On the broad sands of southern India’s beaches lie thousands of wooden dhows and fibre glass skiffs, plied in trades, legitimate and otherwise, in the Bay of Bengal. On one of these boats, from one of these beaches, two years ago, Rathidevi’s son Dhuuaragan leftIndia, and his life in a refugee camp, bound for Australia. She has not heard from him since. She does not know whether he is alive or dead. Four months after her son left in October 2009, she received a phone call from a number and a voice she did not recognise, telling her her son was in an Indonesian jail. The line then dropped out. ”I do not know who called me.”
Pattered against the tent and our upturned dreaming faces.
One of the things I really wanted for Christmas was Anne Burrell's cook book, Cook Like a Rock Star. As a matter of fact anytime anyone asked what I wanted, I named this cook book. It got to the point where hubby was getting annoyed with me. So if you can imagine Christmas morning when I opened the package to hubby and I from J and saw it was the one thing I REALLY wanted. After looking through this book and the other two we received, I decided to use this recipe to prepare the Brussels sprouts I was going to make for dinner. And these sprouts are amazing. The longer you let them brown in the pan, the better they taste. J and hubby loved them, Rigby being Rigby does not eat Brussels sprouts, no matter what. The walnuts added a pleasant surprise and crunchy to this dish. Since I didn't have pancetta in the house, I substituted in the same amount of bacon. Again, these sprouts are spectacular.
Well, I know the people I know. And if I used to know someone and fell out of touch with them, it's usually - not always, but usually - because I decided I wanted to. I'd much rather my real-life friends (he said, as if he had any friends in real life - or indeed as if he had any life outside the internet) keep in touch with me more privately, by phone and email and - best of all - face-to-face. I'm prepared to accept that Facebook is a useful tool for managing event invites, but I don't want to actually socialise on Facebook.
Sean has been talking about taking the family hiking on the Old Rag mountains for a few months now, and I, of course, have been stalling. It’s not that I don’t like hiking, I love it, but on the plain surface, by a beautiful river or through the woods. Not any more labor intensive than that! But spring break came around and this guy went berserk on me. Things got so bad that he would dream of Old Rag and scream ‘Old Rag Mountain, here we come’ in his dreams. No, that didn’t happen, I am exaggerating a bit!
in her room, with some of her eraser collection in it!! I love that she loves the things I make, just wish she wouldn't love it all so much!
Come on down to the bar with me
I just want to drift away
Who loves words
-Trish
And Then the Voices Come… Like Bees In My Head… They Will Not Relent
I honestly do not. I can't imagine picking one child out of the six. Every child is so different and all of them have their own little ways that make me laugh, or fill my heart with joy and pride.
I’m also gearing up for baseball season. I am managing the concession stand again this season. My husband is not real happy about it. It brings up a lot of uncomfortable feelings for him. If you’ve known me for a while, then you know it was last summer when things kinda heated up between my Sweet and myself. For my husband, there are bad memories… I wish I could say the same. For me, it brings back some sweet memories. Memories that gave me a very good friend; a person for whom I care deeply; a feeling that I had been missing for so very long; a longing for more from my life. I know it’s probably not a good thing to associate these different feelings with someone other than my husband. The problem is that somewhere buried deep within me, I still have some of those feelings. Yes. I am admitting it. Not to the husband of course, but to myself… I am admitting that I miss my friend. I have had to have a couple of brief email exchanges with him in the last couple of weeks. In order to do this, I have agreed to Bcc my husband so that he knows I have communicated with him. When he has replied and I respond, I Bcc him again so that he can see the conversation. When I receive that email back, the butterflies do their thing. I feel that feeling again. Today he was a little flirty in his reply, which brightened my spirits. God help me, if I jump on this bandwagon again, it will be over with my husband. He will not tolerate it any more. Why am I having such a hard time not playing with the fire? I know the stakes yet at moments… it’s not that I don’t care, it’s more that I’m wanting that feeling again. Does that make any sense? I think I’m chasing a feeling… That’s ridiculous.
Focal Length – 160mm
Bob’s little harvest came in just three days before the end of Tesco Christmas trading. Supermarket sales are Christmas biased, but (a) that’s just under 1% of total days in a year and (b) I can tell you from personal experience that the general trend is nearly always clear by December 22nd – depending on what day Christmas itself lands on.
WEDNESDAY – September 17th
2) think about the number of total people coming because in general you will be baking at least 1/2 dozen cookies per person coming so, if there are 8 people doing the cookie swap then that is at least 4 dozen cookies plus an extra dozen to share at the party. (because the whole idea behind the cookie swap is to share recipes so each person will bring copies of the recipe for everyone plus bake enough cookies for each participant to take home either 1/2 dozen or dozen of the cookie they brought!)
Direct comparison KIGGS study and vaccineinjury.info-survey (September 2011)
He really is the best. Who else would make an inappropriate u-turn because his prego wife spotted a Sonic? (man, I'm gonna get fat!) Who would rub her feet even though he hates feet? Who would schlep dozens upon dozens of boxes from one floor to the next because they were put in the wrong place? Who would shoulder the burden of all of the gory details in a move...the mundane stuff like arranging an apt. with the Internet guy, and getting a car detail paid for after it came off of the cross country rig exceptionally dirty? Who would make sure that he takes sufficient time off of work so that the house could be in order, to avoid putting it all of his wife's plate? This guy......
Zoë arrived on March 1st, a whole week early. Which surprised me, as I was convinced she'd be late. Maybe it was something to do with the full moon the previous night. Either way, she was in quite a hurry to make her way into the world.
ANGELA: Yes, but there grandfather is also helping out right now.
Oh, I refuse
What the hell.
There is a large back yard, it's communal but there are other children in the building and there are shared toys - a castle, slide, swing, etc. We'll add a few of Cate's toys to it so everyone can play with them as well. There's a large deck and a nice large lawn as well. Cate is going to love it. I'll post photos soon.
And if it’s like this for me – and I can assume from your reaction that you know what I’m talking about – then I have to say that it’s even more so for what now, I’m afraid, I have no choice but to call “the younger generation.” Some of these folks have no memory of a time when you couldn’t get the idea to go out to a new place for dinner, look up your options, read a couple of reviews, get directions, and invite a bunch of your friends to join you there all within the span of a couple of minutes and all with a device you can hold in one hand. Whether we all want to recognize it or not, it is a different world today, and it’s getting differenter every minute.
The ‘pinoy cabby’ saga took a sudden turn when the cabby’s son went to lodge a police report yesterday evening.
Off the plane and out of the airport in record time, within an hour I'm meeting Mr & Mrs Snake at Rosamunde's in the Mission. If you've been to Toronado, chances are you've eaten sausage from the shop next door. That's the original shop. This place wasn't here last time I visited, but it's a fusion of both things, beer and sausage, and I wanted to see it.
Enjoy life and take care of yourself!
I find matter for serious attention in Ezra Pound’s discordant shrieking….
GC: Did you know anything about Hancock or the Civil War before the movie?
I learned that the way each of us chooses to live has a very real effect on other people. I guess that is true in many different ways. What I was thinking of when I said that was things like water usage, buying clothes made by genetically modified cotton, using more than you need to, and how those things can hurt people in the third world. However, I guess that's also true in the sense that the kind of person you choose to be (i.e. not a meanie) can really impact people. Blah, blah, blah. Lead by example.
1. The total of unique users is more volatile
Y. Yummy food that you make: Potatoes Au Gratin and I make some great porkchops.
and conscious vibrant immortality
3. Garlic, 3 cloves.
Morning everyone Sara here with a new challenge for you , this week its the digi teams turn to play and I have chosen the theme favourite colour combo so lots of scope to get creative there .
Quite honestly, my eight year old son has a far greater flair for PR.
Gotrek and Felix
Personally, I'm kinda looking forward to Boxing Day, too. Any excuse to celebrate works for me. ;)
Now, watching a master barber from the Subcontinent go to work on a regular hirsute Saudi customer -- often in the late evening after prayer -- can be an excrutiating exercise in patience. He can easily spend 10 or 15 minutes after the main haircut making such ultra-fine clipping movements and razor cuts on his customer that you'd think he was giving a performance at the Met.
The ESDC's 10-year project "is a public relations and marketing scheme; it does not exist in a legally enforceable form," argues George Locker, a lawyer for residents of two buildings in the AY footprint. The ESDC objects to "purported quotations" about the timetable from Bruce Ratner in the New York Times and instead points to Ratner's Daily News op-ed.
My favourite:
Tip 1: Don’t try too hard
This text from their site describes the project:
I backed away slowly and waved goodbye. As I was making my way down the beach I heard fading in the distant “Obama! USA!” and laughter, it was all very surreal and I wished i had a picture of the situation but i caught the group from a distances in the photo below.
Finally! All the New Floral Cap Nouveau Monograms are loaded up on the shelves! And, I already have another set in the works, in the Funky Floral Style, but I only have a few letters sketched out! This one probably wont be ready til sometime in the next two months....Lots of pencil and eraser work to do first! Also, I have loaded up a new crop of Shaded Flower Borders, and I am even offering them in a Set at a savings. Now the individual stamps are on sale, but the set isnt, but if you want all six, buy them separately, as it will be cheaper with the sale on! Wanna See?
And then it was off to check out our favourite store in the world, Kinokuniya Books. With a caffeine-withdrawal headache of astronomic proportions.
Under the circumstances, he said, they had no option but to dump the letters on the steps to the centre in the hope the presidency would collect them there.
$2 fee & free parking hours from 9am to 5pm
Modernisation theory that sees industrialisation, economic progress, prevalent urban residence and the like as preconditions for democratisation is deemed to be irrelevant in the context of political transition for Malaysia.
Oh, and the emails don't mention the commissions.
Its just been a terrible, long, unending day. I’m tired and I’m going to eat leftover pizza.
Pauline Baird Jones began her writing career penning romantic suspense (fictional murder doesn’t get you strip searched!) but she had a secret longing to ramp up the spills, chills and daring do. By chance she wrote a science fiction romance, realized she’d been mixing fiction into her science since high school (oops, sorry science teachers!), and thought, why not go where she hasn’t gone before? After that, it was easy to stir in some steampunk. The Key was the first in her Project Enterprise series, which will conclude with #6, Kicking Ashe.
We begin with the parents of Samson — members of the tribe of Dan. The father's name is Manoah, and he and his wife had no children for the unnamed wife is unable to conceive. She is minding her own business one day when the Lord interrupts: And the angel of the LORD appeared to the woman and said to her, Behold, you are barren and have not borne children, but you shall conceive and bear a son. (Judges 13:3)
If you do buy this particular type of necklace, give, you are some some to choose from.
A pivotal chapter in the life of Maisie Dobbs, A Lesson In Secrets marks the beginning of her intelligence work for the Crown. As the storm clouds of World War II gather on the horizon, Maisie will confront new challenges and new enemies—and will engage new readers and loyal fans of this bestselling mystery series.
(This tactic only works however if A. Your female. And B. Your breast are bigger then a size A.)
That depends…Are we talking original Night of the Living Dead zombies (which shuffle) or are we talking crazy fast zombies like in I Am Legend or 28 Days Later? Are all dead bodies reanimated or just people who have been bitten? Are there zombie cats like in Misfits? Have the werewolves had breakfast?
GefenPRO 10×4 DVI DL Matrix
volcanic eruptions, lake side rising tides and riverine floods of transformational fervor are about to over run the pig sty that was built over our home by hogs unperturbed by filth?
showering on to anyone naked;
There's a slight change in our challenge prize beginning today and for future challenges. Unless it's a special occasion or event, one lucky person will get to pick two digis from Sassy Cheryl's shop. We reserve the right to give away a whole lot more for those special events that we have from time to time (Sassy Cheryl is one very generous lady!).
I am also entering this in the following challenge:
07. We Own The Night
MF: David Silva (Manchester City) – Let not his late-season dip in form distract from how brilliant he was for most of this season. He leads the highest scoring team in the league (at this point) in assists, and is tied for the overall league lead (at this point) in assists. Add half a dozen goals to that and he’s put together a mighty fine season.
I had to reduce the resolution of the file to be able to upload it here. The original uncut version is 225 MB.
In a large bowl, beat the butter until fluffy (about 20-30 seconds). Add honey, maple syrup, egg, and vanilla. Beat until combined.
and it often has something to do with who, what, where, when and how,
Enjoy each moment. And tell a family member and a friend how much they mean to you.
He has also received a lifetime expulsion from Scottish football.
3. Lavished in Love
Chill Pacific tentacles tow his ankles in.
The first rehearsal with Cathrine Fandén was on the 14th of January 1979 and it worked at once. Then they convinced Stephans neighbour Lars Holma to join on bass and on the 23rd of March they had their first concert under the name of Smudge with a repertoire of Three girl rumba (Wire), No heart (The Vibrators), Louie Louie (the Stooges version), Last Orders (The Fall), Sunday Morning Nightmare (Sham 69) and six self penned songs. On the next gig all the covers were gone and the band changed name to Vacum. On the 12th of August the band went to Gävle and during a few hours recorded and mixed six songs for their own Ep and also the track Svartvitt for The Sundsvall Punk Ep. Soon after that Cathrine moved to London to be au pair but Stephan and Mats did not give up and instead convinced another childhood friend Anders Olsson to join in on bass and also found drummer Sank Sankqvist who just got kicked out of Pizzoar.
can also offer additional helpful benefits. If you stay in your
February 16, 2012
Annually there is a summer fayre in the month of July, today that was the very day, Daughters school and a summer fayre, tombola options (see how much I win this year).
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas.
Stargate (Jeffrey A. Okun and Patrick Tatopoulous)
Announcement: 3 October 1992
Adult non-fiction, trade 11 3
It's better than I ever even knew
2012-03-31 362000
Besides the ridiculous girl next to me on the elliptical this weekend, the whole weekend has been absolutely wonderful! I was originally scheduled to work, but my friend/colleague was desperately trying to find someone to cover for her in the ER next weekend, and so we swapped weekends. It was a win win situation, because now I got to actually hang out with my dad, run the half marathon, and go to my friend’s bridal shower!
This is about two best friends in high school. One of them became popular so the two girls fell apart. This is a story of how the unpopular girl fought to regain their friendship, thus the title.
And of course that’s exactly what we’ve seen in recent decades in industrial society. The Glass-Steagall Act, which imposed resilience on the US banking system at the cost of a fair amount of inefficiency, is a good example; it was gutted by an enthusiastically bipartisan majority, giving us the highly efficient but hopelessly brittle financial system we have today. Many other measures that put resilience into the system were also scrapped in the name of “competitiveness,” though it’s worth noticing that America’s ability to compete in any arena that doesn’t involve blowing large chunks of a Third World country to kingdom come has gone down steadily while these allegedly competitive measures have been at work. All of it, slogans aside, served to free up resources to maintain living standards for America’s privileged classes – a category that extends well down into the middle class, please note, and includes a great many people who like to denounce the existing order of American society in heated terms.
The best parts about any Ladakh zanskar Tour would be seeing the great ranges of the Himalayans and of course, the Zanskar Mountain. It also has a valley system which is dominated by the population of Buddhist communities. As you head to the Pazila watershed right on the road of Zanskar, you would first get to see the Stod Valley, which is one of tributary valleys in the place. It renders you an amazing view of the Drang-Drung glacier which is believed to be the biggest in the entirety of Ladakh. The rest of the wide area of Zanskar is about mountains and other deep gorges.
Mike barely gulped the first swig out of the green bottle before he choked out “Hey! He showed up! That’s him,” pointing in the direction of the door.
playtime and presents with my family.
Note: If your device is Jailbroken, I have read that the file is located in Root/private/var/mobile/Media/Downloads (Not sure if ‘Root’ is part of the path though, I’m assuming not).
Mommy, he isn't letting me sleep!
So why is it that other countries deliver health care with greater economic efficiency than the United States?
"Meanwhile, on the other side of the border, the Israeli government and military are fresh from meetings to establish whether a multi-nation Arab attack is imminent. Both sides are extremely jittery; the only question is who pulls the trigger first.
Karl: you’re not concerned about
That IS my fridge!!!
(using both Summer Games and Sunny Day)
THE LINK WILL BE REMOVED AFTER SUNDAY, MAY20,2012 JJ
Dropped and Chopped is an exhibition of traditional rods and customs between 1946 and 1960. This will be the last week of the exhibit that opened Jan. 22. Visit the California Automobile Museum before these beauties are gone.
In another shop, the owner was on the phone explaining to someone about a channeling the dead class and I immediately thought of Hendrix and Joplin and Morrison and even Mama Cass whose amazing, disembodied voice I would hear later in still another useless chatchka emporium.
People will try.
- Preheat the oven to 375°F. Brush tops of turnovers with egg wash, being careful not to let it drip over the edges, as this will prevent even puffing. Sprinkle generously with sugar, and bake until turnovers are puffed and deep golden, 30 to 35 minutes. (mine needed about 20 minutes) Using a thin metal metal spatula, immediately transfer turnovers to a wire rack to cool. They are best eaten the same day they are baked.
I have learned during the last two weeks that testing in October helps us to just get the thing over with much faster, and that there is no way we'll put it off again. I'd rather reschedule surgery than the test. I think Isabelle agrees with me, too. She came out of prep session today with glazed eyes and stated, "My brain hurts."
To see someone getting this particular point really wrong, check out Steve Novella‘s blog on this topic, in the section where he mentions Richard Hoagland. The “anomalies” that guy finds have only the flimsiest connection to his pet crazy ideas, and have very easy explanations already that don’t require massive leaps of logic to some totally new concept. When you have to invent vast alien civilisations and sinister, all-encompassing government cover-ups to account for the fact that there’s no other evidence for what you’re saying… at what point do you decide that maybe some mountains just happened to make a kinda interesting shape that one time? It’s a quirk, but not an anomaly.
My reformation, glittering o'er my fault,
From the publisher, I needed the logo for the series and an early cover image - nothing else. Depending on your book, you might need something else - or nothing at all. And you might think this is all too much faff and you aren't going to do it. The characters in my series will be using Facebook and an iPhone app to keep in touch, so some online traces of these make it all more real. If your story is set in the eighteenth century - or even the 1980s - that won't be necessary. Phew.
My gift certificates are available in defferent values of 50, 75, 100 and 150 dollars. I can also make custom Certificates with exacty amounts you want to buy. Visit my Gift Certificates section for more information about terms and conditions.
Luckily, it was a quiet enough residential street and the people who lived there were used to this sort of thing.
Office of the First Lady
“Stay thirsty, my friends,” says the Most Interesting Man in the World (MolsonCoors 2001).
and notice peculiarities of description
If a child is forced to clean up, then he is robbed of a chance to show how helpful he can be, voluntarily.
Acts 27:23, Part 3
On the first day the town is something of a blank slate. The first changes to appear are the zoned off, infected areas where all hope is lost. In these areas the disease is rife, the houses are boarded up and infested with looters, the streets are choked in miasmas and smoke and the dying claw at you for salvation. These areas shift in location from day to day, and have an enormous effect on your actions. Simply traversing them is both a heartache and a risk, and without a weapon and good protective equipment (galoshes, gloves, heavy cloak) you’re going to need bandages, medicine and painkillers for yourself when you emerge out of the other side. Course, you need those same medical supplies to ease the pain of those dying in the zones, which is one of the only ways you can keep your reputation up. Decisions, decisions.
Boat-building yard
The artist here was Verne (or Vern) Tossey, who illustrated magazine fronts as well as book jackets. According to Steve Brower’s 2010 work, Breathless Homicidal Slime Mutants: The Art of the Paperback,
Come prepared & be sun smart – bring water, food, towels, sunscreens etc
Katarina Bishop has worn a lot of labels in her short life: Friend. Niece. Daughter. Thief. But for the last two months she’s simply been known as the girl who ran the crew that robbed the greatest museum in the world. That’s why Kat isn’t surprised when she’s asked to steal the infamous Cleopatra Emerald so it can be returned to its rightful owners.
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE ENTIRE
Summer is here, but thankfully, the humidity hasn’t kicked in yet. For now, it’s just regular ol’ dry heat, so I’m willing to push through the discomfort to reach my goals. Once the humidity comes, I may have to consider running indoors if the heat index gets near (or over) 100 out. I want to reach my goals, but not at the risk of getting heat stroke. I’m motivated, not stupid…just sayin’.
His back catalogue has been slowly re-appearing in full out on Demon and Cherry Red over the last few years. The recent appearance of Coming Home on this year's '76 TOTP re-runs sent me back to its parent album, the largely forgotten Out On The Street. Produced by Jeff Wayne and engineered by Martin Rushent, its eight, mostly lengthy, tracks make up an urban psychodrama that again bears comparison with Bowie - Diamond Dogs in this case. It lacks that album's over-cooked dramatics (none of 1984's goggle-eyed "into the woods I have to go"), and is advantaged by the '68-in-'76 vogue for the multipart epic (think 10CC's I'm Mandy Fly Me, the Four Seasons' Silver Star). The single City Lights was even released as a 12" to accomodate it's full 6.48 running time without compressing the sound too much (for better or worse, it is also the musical start point for Jeff Wayne's War Of The Worlds). It sounded like a Top 3 hit all the way, but stalled at 24, as did Coming Home, while the whispered al dente funk of Ooh Love didn't even reach the Top 50. Out On The Street, like Essex himself, is still largely underrated by the rock media. He knows he's not super hip. It hardly seems to bother him; after The River and EastEnders, he understands why the Mojo cover is some way off.
Also up this week, it’s Half Marathon Time.
4. Did anyone close to you die?
Written the xxith day of January 1559
But the physical pain I have endured these past 7 days was unbelievable. My hormones have been all over the place and and I haven't really functioned well at work - things have started to get past me, I am usually spot on with all things!
We had four cocktails and they were all totally innovative, brilliant drinks. I’m trying to work my way through their cocktail menu, whilst Mrs CJ is so smitten with two of the drinks that she had to repeat her choices from our first visit.
Through the 19th and 20th centuries, Facts reached adulthood as the world underwent a shift toward proving things true through the principles of physics and mathematical modeling. There was respect for scientists as arbiters of the truth, and Facts itself reached the peak of its power.
Gigi assures us that Lucas has already spent more time playing with this toy than Megan or I did combined.
Jin.Zo-Ni.N.Gen is a title track of one of the bands albums. Do not ask me what it means. Again, this is one of the more rocky and off-beat tracks. The playing is a bit rough here. This one is similar in style to the previous song with strong sense of urgency and not without the necessary melody. Super Warp is the closer, more in the line of the usual jazzrock.
The UN agencies believe that the tourism infrastructure is being used for the exploitation of and trafficking in persons – and children are especially vulnerable as the sector is expected to boom in 2012.
Mimi shot from her seat and pressed both hands against her shocked face.
And proof that the Israeli government is actively involved in the global organ market was affirmed by an ex-Israeli army officer, arrested in Brazil in 2004 for illegal organ trafficking.
"What do you think of this?" I asked her.
So, I had an interesting thought the other day.
This happened late last week but I saved it for a TMI Thursday. No story to post–just a text conversation. Some of you may know I happen to call pooping “filming a movie”. I may or may not (occasionally) name my poops after movies. At the museum the other day I was sad to discover that filming was set to begin. Afterwards this text happened:
1) The heavily irradiated failed nuclear complex at Chernobyl will soon be "encased in steel."
As I have repeated numerous times, those looking for massive inflation can find it in China, not the United States. Demand for credit is so insane in China, that businesses will go to any length to get it. Note that those companies holding copper, especially those new to this wild financing scheme, are very vulnerable to a decline in the price of copper. Alternatively, those companies taking out loans based on copper collateral then selling the copper back to the exchanges have managed to get loans with no collateral.
BETA-HCG
chin raised to the cold.
LOTS of intense action.
By this these angels from an evil sprite ;
by Tricia Goyer
“We are going to pay a very heavy price for the fact there has been a catalogue of neglect by the former Government which has focused on renewable energy sources,” Mr Birkett said.
Right now we have 3 high-rise Condo projects including 1 high-rise Condo Hotel project which are located right in the center of in Cebu City and and all of these high-rise condo projects are on the pre-selling stage:
For the next 15 years Regal enjoyed compounded growth of 25% per year and at times even more. In 1988 we broke ground on a second manufacturing plant in Smithville, Tennessee, a new $4 million facility. The timing of our January 1989 opening could not have been worse. The boating industry was on the verge of one of the hardest recessions it had ever experienced since the oil embargo of 1973. We found ourselves with so much debt that we had to sell the Smithville plant to give us immediate relief.
Till we meet again, everybody!! Have a good day!! ♥♥♥
Teenage Dream is there too, just because it's my favorite.
5) Hey, if i wistled at you, would you stop and talk to me??? +
This past week was teacher appreciation week.
OUP 2009
My just formulated rule of thumb; If ambusher is something like jaguar, piecer, mimic combat will start with their "free" attack. Then roll for initiative. If it's just some schmuck orcs with bows hiding in the woods I'll give them first initiative. Which, I guess is a surprise rule. So, I must alter my initial statement to "I don't like existing, complex surprise rules. I like mine." Which is really no surprise ;)
I propose a contest. I know we all check our search terms from time to time. You all tell me your weirdest and I’ll hold a poll to see who has the freakiest search term of them all.
The only other singer I feel moved to talk about is Nina Stemme as Leonore/Fidelio. I have never seen a bad word written about Stemme, especially from London audiences, and this was the first time I'd seen her live, so I was quite excited. And then very disappointed. I was near the front of the stalls and found it hard to hear her much of the time. I don't know if the direness of the production meant that she wasn't trying, as it's clearly a voice of some power and resource but the voice just seemed rather dry and didn't carry at all. Maybe she was having an off day. But like my recent Glyndebourne experience with Anna Gabler as Eva there was just no sense of line whatsoever. It's not that she's sacrificing line for textual clarity either, it just wasn't pleasurable to hear. I have heard her Strauss disc which is fine for the Salome excerpt and the Four Last Songs (though vocally doesn't compete with the leading rivals. The orchestra is amazing), but related problems arise in the last scene of Capriccio - the voice just powers through the thing without any regard for musical detail or the text, and the huge dramatic vibrato and tone just seems completely inappropriate for the role. In an interview she classifies herself as a lyric-dramatic soprano and there are indeed a lot of lyric roles in her repertoire but I would not want to hear her in a single one.
In a large, deep skillet, heat the quarter cup of olive oil over medium heat. Add the kale stems and cook for two to three minutes, or until they are softened. Add the onion and garlic and sprinkle with a small amount of salt. Then add the water and cook this mixture until the vegetables are thoroughly tender but not mushy, about ten minutes. You will need to stir this mixture as it gets to the end of the cooking time to prevent the vegetables from sticking to the pan.
Catricala hit a three-run homer in the first inning – his first Triple-A home run, a drive to left-center off Tucson starter Jorge Reyes (from Warden, WA). He added singles in his next two at-bats, and then doubled in his fourth.
My heart settles to serene.
We've been every year for quite a few years, with baby in papoose one time!
The wing is formed of three main elements, the main plane being very short with much longer chord flaps behind it. As is common for most teams now, the flap adjusts cross about 75% of the span. The outer 25% section being at a fixed angle of attack, as it forms part of the endplate. Along the intersection between fixed and adjustable sections of flap, Sauber fit the pod for adjusting the front flap angle (FFA), used during pitstops.
I know I have written before about the windows just off the kitchen that faced south. There were tables there right up next to the windows. There were four windows. That is where Grandma kept her African Violets, geraniums and some ferns and a philodendron that grew up the wall and went over the ceiling. When the room was painted the philodendron roots had to be dug from the plaster.
Who says we have to condition AFTER we wash right?
Other public bike art featured in this article, has been removed, such as the mural by Mandy Bouriscot which graced the lobby of the now-demolished, old Mount Pleasant Community Centre. Maybe the mural will resurface somewhere else one day.
4) Using editing apps too much. Sometimes people are like children in sweet shops when they discover the massive variety of apps you can use.
I wish they had given a little more time and attention to this movie. Usually these superhero movies are trying to teach the audience something (most often a moral lesson of some sorts). It makes me think of the X-Men movie franchise, which were effective superhero movies that really will stand the test of time. Those movies usually taught me something about brotherhood, responsibility or acceptance. However, when it comes to Thor, I don’t think I left the experience knowing anything I didn’t already know. The conflict didn’t seem real or severe enough for its ending to feel gratifying; the climax of the film felt more like a bump in the road than a roller coaster. The movie seemed more like the introduction to the story, which is the main reason why I feel it didn’t live up to its potential. An epic character like Thor deserves an epic storyline; a storyline that sticks with its audiences and teaches them something special. However, what we’re left with is a mashup of cliche and laziness.
Unfortunately, the agreement is silent on how the existing deployment model should be improved.
While I was busy making my Halloween Pops on Sunday, I thought I would take my mess to the next level and make Halloween Suckers. These suckers are super easy to make and have a big wow factor. And as an added bonus, they are made with one of my favorite ingredients - ALMOND BARK.
Ellington’s hope that television would provide a significant new outlet for his type of jazz was not fulfilled. Tastes and trends had moved on without him. The introduction of the 33 1/3 rpm LP record and hi-fi phonograph though, did give new life to many of his older compositions. However by 1955, after three years of recording for Capitol, Ellington no longer had a regular recording affiliation.
A COUPLE CAUTIONARY TALES
-o- I am a literary snob who found herself totally immersed in the Twilight series and will love the Harry Potter books forever.
(deep breath)
What’s more there is no need to leap before you look as Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm makes lesson planning so much easier thanks to free familiarisation visits. That means that teachers can take a tour of the site and see all the facilities on offer, whilst discussing their personal requirements with Education Officers.
And results have not helped. In fact, they are the root cause in particular the stunning ability that the squad has acquired to drop points when you least expect them to. Not that this is particularly new since many an Arsenal side prior to the arrival of Arsène Wenger was adept at this as well. The squads from 1971 – 73 could pull that trick off quite well but were pale by comparison to Don Howe’s squad of 1984 – 86. Ultimately the manager is responsible for the season’s results with a snideness creeping into comments about him being overpaid regardless of the fact that Arsenal managers since the early 1900s have been well paid by comparison to their peers.
Address: Brought to an agreement Paulista 1578, San Paolo of the Brasile
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Sarah Connor can only thinks about the dreaded Doomsday; the day when humanity is going to be blown to smithereens by a nuclear holocaust. It’s not easy living with the knowledge of the exact day in which humanity is going to be eradicated. Her nightmares are a thing of horror! One of her nightmares begins with children playing in a park on the out skirts of the city when suddenly, the sky lights up and a nuclear blast turns them into ashes! We see how the blast burns Sarahs flesh clean off and turns her into a skeleton.
Sales on site Monday May 7th.
And just like that another school year is over.
So let me see....obligation and image...hmmmmm
But here’s the thing. Wherever qadr and choice lead us, we are bound to have some regrets.
So, don't forget, five pm EST United States Zone (for my international friends) I will post something cool!
Today's guest was a tomboy/animal lover/aspiring actress who staged lip-synched productions of her favorite musicals since she couldn’t sing. Eve Marie Mont's love for athletics and animals remained, but the acting bug was soon replaced by the writing bug. In fourth grade, she wrote her first chapter book entitled, The Only Tomboy in My Class, and she was hooked. Now Eve teaches high school English and Creative Writing in the Philadelphia suburbs and sponsors her school’s literary magazine. When not grading papers or writing, she can be found watching the Phillies with her husband, playing with her shelter pup, or daydreaming about her next story. Visit her at any of the links at the bottom of her guest post. Stop by and say hello!
Seeing in black universe reveals the cosmo-deictic dimension of vision, the fact that vision, far from being captured by the putative idiotic passivity of seeing—‘I am just looking’—is in every moment an unimaginably projective and fundamentally impossible event of photography realized upon the infinite negative of individuated existence. Black, the color that is not one, exposes this fact—a blinding flash of the Real—according to the same logic outlined in
like capitalist, like communist
P.S. The wonk-ified chair is the back to my ikat upholstered french chairs! I'm totally gonna do it, you guys. I have 3 of 4 chairs in various states of non-matching-ness, so I really ought to quit typing and start upholstering.
To cope with the fact that whites refused to acknowledge the humanity of black Americans, most blacks had to mask their true feelings and actual personalities whenever they were in the presence of white people. Sometimes, this masking meant shuffling and feigning irresponsibility; and sometimes it meant turning the other cheek and walking away rather than responding to white insults. But almost always, it meant conforming to a pattern of racial etiquette in day-to-day affairs.
16 THE PURSUIT AND DEATH OF ROTWANG (Giorgio Moroder) 5'32
“The only good lizard is a dead lizard,” he said.
Kathleen also sent me a couple of photos as well, and some notes, the photos she took are at the top and bottom of this post. I was very taken with what she said about what she observed in the opening weekend with Lizzy and her iPad.
In 1820, The Newcastle upon Tyne Society for the gradual abolition of Slavery in the British Dominions was established at a meeting held in the Society’s rooms.
I thought this was a funny, yet heartbreaking novel. I seem to like those – the most recent one being The Fault In Our Stars. I really felt for all of the characters and wanted to hug each and every one of them. Each of them was handling the Joanie’s coma and eventual death in their own way. And there is Alex’s friend that I particularly enjoyed – his little observations had me laughing. I look forward to seeing the movie to see if it lives up to the hype it got and to see if it lives up to my feelings toward the book.
Looking forward to: Picking out a name!! We have two-three we like. Starting to see my doctor every two weeks now. Continuing to feel her move.
29. Eleventh Hour - Lady Marmalade (5:03)
We love you!
Hope you're having a marvelous St. Pat's! I'm off celebrating my birthday, wearing green (as is proper for an Irish lassie born on this marvelously lucky day) and I'll be back with my next posting later this weekend.
Now all I do is kiss you through the bars of a rhyme,
Palpatine: sputtering Alright. Stop it. I told you to cut it out! You've forced my hand. stands and holds hands out in front of him, firing purple lightning at Luke Actually, you've forced both my hands! cackles
We all played apples to apples and the kids ran around. We all being: jim's dad and step mom lorraine, sister danielle and fiance steve, sister taylor,sister jamie and boyfriend luke and his daughter trinity, cousins mikey, megan and larry (joe and girlfriend laura met us for dinner), brother bob, his wife martha and kids jace and zaden and our little family. Just a small gathering. Ha! We hung out and just had fun and then all went to eat at the classic cup cafe in ann arbor. We had our own room which was perfect for us because with 6 little kids it was loud. Well..let's be honest..the koepfles are not a quiet bunch...lol.
Felicita is caught behind a powerful brother who rules her life and that of her mother. In Pelimburg, the patriarchy is strict and unchallenged, and Felicita faces an unhappy arranged marriage with few rights. Determined to take control of her own life, she flees to the streets and falls in with a group of poor workers who sometimes also fight against the elite under the charismatic boy-in-charge, Dash.
Apples with caramel dip for a fun seasonal treat.
I have to tell you that no such undertaking has been received, and that consequently this party is at war with Murdoch.
Leaving me fervent and ecstatic
With unemployment still over 8%, we have more ingenuity, energy, spirit, and expertise than we have jobs–and definitely more time on our hands. We’ve seen individuals using that time to tap into the all-American barn-raising spirit to “widen the circle of our concern,” as President Obama said in his speech responding to the shooting of then-Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Cheats (PC)
Impulsive aggression can be inherited.
Who knows. I'm a blogger. I should be expected to do that. Oh well. It is what it is.
Google Plus Followers: 580
The grunge reference comes up mostly because of the fact that Kim Gordon’s singing style reminds me so much of Courtney Love’s, and Hole is one of my favorite bands of the nineties, but that’s not to say Dirty is a grunge album – the vibe is very different, although I find it hard to explain. I guess it has to do with the background – Sonic Youth come from New York and draw a lot of strength from The Velvet Underground’s pioneering work, which is all very nice, but doesn’t overlap with grunge’s direct lineage. There’s a much more detached, “meta” feeling about this music, even though it’s every bit as massive and powerful as any of the Seattle scene’s outfits of the age.
I support all liberties, and I consider freedom to be sacred. I have often said – and this has angered some Islamists – that freedom takes precedence over implementing Islamic law. I say that before we implement Islamic law, we must achieve freedom. We cannot implement Islamic law in a society devoid of liberties.
So on my maternity leave with our beautiful first child, I decide that this is the perfect opportunity to leave corporate America behind and plunge headfirst into an experiment with farm living. Except it is way hugely more expensive than I anticipated. Farmland is expensive. And having a baby even moreso. But my husband is an amazing man – patient and, more importantly, forgiving. He decides to indulge my delusions of motherhood ala rustica and accepts a job (for less pay, prestige, etc.) in a far, far off place where farm land is cheap(er).
I Could sleep Pow! -- right Now.
Here's a bit from the into:
Let me introduce Suzette - we're members of the same swingers' group.
Beowulf - I am hereby outing myself as a big-ass English major nerd. I love Beowulf. This is not Beowulf. What, Beowulf gets with Grendel's mother now? The hell? I don't care if she's Angelina Jolie, that ain't right. Plus, the 300-ized style looks awful. Does EVERYTHING have to be pillaged these days? Most of the moviegoing public probably doesn't even know a thing about Beowulf, so why not leave it the hell alone, or at least call it something else? It's not going to be another Lord of the Rings.
This is another OJ but this time, the New York Times is failing to lead the two-step of the racial narrative. Sorry, all you verminous little reality reversers at Amerika's newspaper of record, your Lies are too easy to see through this time. (The arrogance of the Diversity Komissars of 42nd Street, thinking they can continue to spew a ridiculous storyline despite its total absence of plausibility, and especially, in light of a growing consortium of free-thinking people now getting their news from the internet and alternative sites like this one).
“Might be a small trail of blood. Goes from the car across this lawn, then stops about here.” The officer walked further, trying to pick up the trail, but found nothing. Chris turned to the car and put himself in line from the car to the trail. Turning back to the house, he looked over it at the trees behind that section of Greenbury Farms.
It was so nice to meet many new friends, and and get together with friends made last year. This is Lesley Langdon and I... Love this girl! Amazingly talented... a sweet spirit... and to beat all... she's CANADIAN! :) She was my partner in crime down there... good times! :)﻿ Every once in a while you meet someone who just feels like a kindred spirit... nuff said... :)
09. Pull The Strings
+this Blueberry Breakfast Cake looks too delicious not to try. Yes, I have a thing for breakfast casseroles...Sunday brunch anyone?
 Able to relate to God as a Friend, as a Father, as a King and Lord as well.
As part of the adaptation of my Grey Knights for their first tournament outing of 2012, my Purifier squad has got some reinforcements in the form of three psycannons, a force hammer and a force halberd. With this as an excuse, I got a box of the Grey Knights (in power armour) from Unispel a few weeks ago; and they are now finally finished and glued together.
Oh, what glad tidings!
I hate to sound like a sap, but I really believe that everyone deserves a second chance.
10:45 Morning coffee
To celebrate the launch of Hookedoncraft's challenge blog we are offering a Blog Candy giveaway. Once we reach 100 followers we will do a random prize draw and the lucky winner will receive all this!
The majority of you in the physical take almost no time to study your own inner perceptions of subtle sensations that constantly wash over you throughout your days. And yet, most of you same ones are constantly seeking greater and greater understanding of who you are. To know yourself, you need to study yourself. However, the majority of your planet’s inhabitants are at a level of learning wherein situations need to get pretty painful in order for them to seek change from the day-to-day comfort of familiarity.
Later on, we’ll conspire
- My wife says: Nothing, she was watching my big fat gypsy wedding in the other room
I knew almost nothing about Narciso Ibáñez Serrador's 1976 movie ¿Quién puede matar a un niño? except that it was a horror movie, and I figured a horror movie with a title like that ought to at least be interesting. And it is that.
Overall, the arguments seem to marginally favour rewriting, but I don't know whether I have time, and I'm deeply reluctant to take down a book already published. All thoughts on the issue very much welcomed!
In one respect, things were a bit more relaxed. Paul was no longer bound. Of course that would be true for he was Roman and it was illegal to bind a Roman citizen without a fair trial or condemned. This also shows that Lysius had gained a certain respect for his prisoner.
I am the lord of the dance, said he
The Word of
Requires 2 x AA batteries
Now, you can't make out exactly what she was saying, so various people have come up with their own interpretations. To my pal Thomas Lifeson over at American Thinker, it looks as though she is saying, "All that for a flag!"
This is how we used to make cards years ago.........no Nesties, die cuts, only punches and a little Designer Paper (HOTP).
It’s the combo vaccines that must be purchased. While we have negotiated decent price breaks, we still have to raise the funds to buy them. Combo vaccines prevent diseases such as Distemper and Parvovirus, two huge canine killers that plague our region. For our kitty friends, the vaccines protect against feline viruses such as Rhinovirus and Feline Leukemia which is very similiar to human HIV.
PS. Just some additional ‘technical’ details for those who may be interested. For people who haven’t danced to places with very good tango (for me Italy from Rome and to the north is the reference in Europe) the level of the dancers and the quality of the ‘circle of dance’ will be more than satisfactory. Some criticism is that many people dance more open embrace, a style not so of my taste, which also makes couples occupy more space, a disadvantage for the crowded hours of the milonga. Also some dancers (among them several high level ones indeed), weren’t so respectful for the rest and moved in a rather ‘chaotic’ way, making co-existence quite difficult. But in general nothing reaches really disturbing levels and the milonga flows all the time…
It was a frustrating night at UFC 137 for most readers of this blog. Jacoby had a decent first round, where he got the better of the stand up, but gave up a take down in the last 30 seconds which probably cost him that round. The following two rounds he fell victim to Starks strong take downs, and was unable to work off of his back. Additionally, I would say that Dustin was less aggressive than he has been in previous fights.
ARTS
But now I have a dilemma. I’m one of those nerds. Those academics. I read to find out about things. Anyone have any books to recommend for expectant dads? One that’s not just full of information you can find in What to Expect When You’re Expecting? And that’s not going to end with me sleeping on the couch?
What, 3 weeks without beads??? Am I crazy??? (Hey, at least I didn't do away with coffee in that time frame too!)
Much quicker and much better than I ever could have done.
Coat each meatball lightly with the seasoned flour.
Yearbook Awards:
3/31/2012 Philadelphia, PA – Tacony Billards with Edo G
No matter how engaging our examples, I have learned that our students will not remember most of what we teach them. They will forget the vocabulary. They will forget the structures. They will forget the majority of the content.
He confided to me that the second variety was (a) superior in the physical elation it produced and (b) more conducive to emotional well-being in the aftermath.
Jeff didn’t look too good. The enthusiasm of the guy who had it all figured out was replaced by a pale face that had been tred upon by life. Real life.
The small steep little hill in front of the house is tricky !
That place where no one “wins”
I think the first step is to be compassionate with yourself and acknowledge that you aren’t going to have it all figured out today or even in 10 or 20 years. Life will always throw things at you that you will have to figure out all over again; and that’s part of the adventure. If you can identify a few things you want from life, then don’t be afraid to give yourself everything you’ve ever wanted. In fact, I take this more as a do what you want right now, tomorrow and the next day; don’t get caught up in working towards this far away future. You want to go on that trip with your friends? Do it. You want to move to a new city where you don’t know anyone for no reason at all? Do it. I’ve always believed you’ll never truly regret the things you did, only the things you didn’t do. In many ways, we are incredibly lucky to have so many choices, despite how confusing they may be. In other ways, it puts an enormous amount of responsibility and pressure on our shoulders because if we end up being wrong or *gasp* failing, we only have ourselves to blame. Well, they say hindsight is 20/20 right? Looking back on my life thus far, especially the moments I thought I was “failing,” have been the times I have learned the most about myself and have only reaffirmed the things I want from life. So I say, dream on, keep working hard and give it all you’ve got. But of course, I must remind you that balance is always important so don’t forget to…
Lembit Opik used to be the MP that had dated: Sian Lloyd, a Lingerie Model and one of the cheeky girls. Now after losing his seat in May he still manages to regularly find his way into our screens and magazines. I struggle to decide whether he somehow knows exactly what he’s doing. Slowly cementing his career and face into any media that will take it. There is something charming about his willingness to make a fool of himself but Something in the back of my mind says, this is an intelligent man not a buffoon has he has appears. He was an MP for goodness sake. Does he know what he is doing? Is Lembit Opik the next big thing?..
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHA
UPDATE (2): 2nd May, 2012. The Financial Times has some detail on the application itself and say it relates to Treasury’s displeasure at NAMA’s handling of the Battersea Power Station project and the loss of an investor, the Malaysian company SP Setia and the consequent loss to Treasury of €400m – that’s 400 million euros – of management fees and an unspecified potential profit share from the eventual full development of the Battersea site, though it is reported that there were to be GBP 4.5bn (€5.5bn) in gross profits over the lifetime of the flagship development. Hmmmm.
We have proof that you have been in contact with a certain Mr. John Paul Emeka. We also have proof that you have been involved in numerous cases of fraud, embezzlement and misrepresentation, and that you have stolen international funds.
Treasurer: Ben Safer
*The chicken I ended up using was 8 pounds. Yes, EIGHT. Guess what, I cut each breast into two pieces, and the thighs were as big as a "normal" chicken breast. And I ended up having to use my full 1/2 gallon container of buttermilk because believe me, the quart wasn't gonna do it. I did add more of the seasonings when I added more buttermilk.
Heat the Paniyaram utensil at low-medium heat, add a drop of butter or oil in each holes. Pour a spoon full of batter in to it, let it cook for 2 minutes.
Please let me finish by August.
Hopefully if I ever get another exhibition in the future then I'll have a bit more notice, but at least I've made a serious dent in my backlog of images to process :)
Annie- Contrary to my review last week, Annie’s bags are, indeed, still happening. Annie talks to PJ about picking charities to fund and PJ interrupts to tell Annie that she needs to get a life. PJ tells her he won’t sign a check for a charity until she meets a guy. Lo and behold, Annie meets a guy named Caleb on the beach. Caleb tells her he wants to talk to her about her foundation over coffee. On their coffee date, Caleb tells Annie he does charity work because he lost someone close to him and he made a promise that anytime he could do something, he would. Annie mentions to PJ that he was the reason behind Jen and Naomi fighting. As I mentioned earlier, Annie finds out about Dixon’s heart condition. While Annie is in the hospital’s church praying, Caleb comes in and…surprise! Caleb’s a priest in training! Oh, Jesus.
The brasier, a beautiful graphite color, is pretty enough to sit on the stovetop when I'm not using it. There are no long handles to get in the way, and because I can leave it sitting out, I don't have to contend with the lid rattling around in a drawer or cabinet. So far I've used my Staub to prepare eggs, grilled cheese, soup, roast chicken, fish, and rice.
Did you know there's a Pokemon named "Koffing"? And he makes you cough, that's his superpower? And, guess what, he evolves into "Weezing," which I guess gives you an asthma attack? Or how about "Farfetch'd"--and I quote, "this ducklike Pokemon uses sprigs of green onions as miniswords."
So, I´m waiting to see, if it will get better with some medicine that helps to heal stomach ulcers and NO COFFEE for the next few weeks! That is almost as difficult as to not have sugar.
They then took his crutches and takkies. A man who saw the incident recorded it on his cellphone.
It wasn’t until I hit the 10K mark (where the first timer was shown) that I realized how well I was actually doing. I hit the 10K mark at 53 min. The shortest I’ve ever run a 10K before was 65 min. So I was doing pretty good. However, it was around this time that I had to change my running style because I was beginning to feel the formation of blisters at the bottom of my feet.
14. Unschoolers are respectful because they've always been respected.
Them laws of thermodynamics ain’t no slouch, incidentally. The first one – pretty much the “no conjuring” rule as described above – is among the most solidly convincing theories in modern science. If you throw that out, then a whole lot of really useful physics goes with it. Centuries of sophisticated learning and understanding shouldn’t be scribbled over with the first new and crazy idea to come along with Earth-shattering claims.
Washington State Department of Labor and Industries. Workplace Hazards to Reproduction and Development: A Resource for Workers, Employers, Health Care Providers, and Health & Safety Personnel. Safety & Health Assessment & Research for Prevention (SHARP). Technical Report Number: 21-3-1999. Washington State Department of Labor and Industries, Olympia, Washington, August 1999.
We hear that P, from Back Street, has gone crazy with the pressure and has been taken to hospital.
has taken place
Both sides have been at loggerhead for the past two months over who gets a bigger pie in the revenue generated at the box office. Before the tussle, the multiplexes commanded the bigger share in the box office revenues. They also had the final say on how many movie prints were required a Hindi film was released.
She squeezed the hand of this burly, compassionate man she loved as a brother. The media had tried hard to make something more of their relationship, daring to suggest that Ben might stray from the wife he adored.
D In the order in which the hare tells the events to another animal
Those were the good old days.
My heart and my mind were in conflict with each other as he stepped off the plane. 'I like him. Yes, I think I like him. But what if it doesn't work out.' The what-if's were looming and the confusion was mounting. A decision had to be made. Why? Because he was meeting my family for the first time.
but even so it was our best day with him yet, even though we didn't get to hold him. he is so strong & so many people have been holding him up in prayer, its no wonder he's been such a little trooper - & he's getting some good books read to him in the meantime :)
Robert Park, a consultant with the American Physical Society in Washington DC, warns that such dubious patents aren't limited to the antigravity concept:
I know it is a big question and one I could ask the tarot but I am putting it out there or here.
Tim: Tag & Bookplate, Carved Ornament dies
“Did you try the special drinks?” Sarah Gentile, 29, asked Jennifer Yao, 31, referring to the colorfully named cocktails.
So now more about the clubs. They will be pattern only, and I am working on a secret plan with a few chosen outlets to provide kit options for the lace club, since many people enjoy receiving a club package that includes pattern, yarn and lovely beads too.
The Pecs and the Back
It’s funny how things pop into our minds. I pictured myself without my upper teeth, trying never to smile, especially in the family photos that were sure to come; and I pictured everyone having to shout at me over the next three months. The fact that I had several pair of glasses and didn’t need to worry over eyesight issues brought little comfort to me in that instant. When I think back on that night I can laugh; but right then, it wasn’t too pretty. I still felt sick enough that I don’t think I panicked at that point, but I was rapidly becoming desperate!
Golden Earring Another 45 miles NL
So this was the 2nd such comedy night (the last was in the summer) and we (Rebecca, Rachel (new Brit to Kettwig) & I) were happily ensconced with large (is there any other size?) glasses of wine in the corner of the bar waiting for the 8.30 kick off.
I love interiors, obviously. I could look at shelter mags and blogs all the day long. However, I have always sort of noticed that I am not particularly a "kitchen person." Very rarely am I one to rave about a kitch or rail against it. I just don't care as much about kitchens as other things. I also have no idea what I would even think to pick if I could design my own. Weird, right?
Stand 10.C41
~ On average, the moon rises about 50 minutes later each day. But near the time of the autumnal equinox, the moon rises only about 30 minutes later each day. Why? The reason is that the ecliptic – or path of the sun, moon and planets – makes a narrow angle with the evening horizon during the autumn months. The narrow angle of the ecliptic in on autumn evenings results in a shorter-than-usual rising time between successive moonrises around the time of the autumn full moons.
Bistro Duck w/ Mso & Spring Roll - May 20
I was curious about the 90 year-old so I viewed his profile and I noticed he had put up around 10 pictures and had a very long write-up about himself and what he was looking for. He stressed on how fit he was and how he exercised regularly. His profile seemed so eager and hopeful that it struck a cord in me. Here is a guy at 90 who is still out there looking for love like the rest of us.
I became very solemn and quite calm and sat down on the carpet in front of the blazing fire.
And anyways, may he continue to be so hard to pin down, travel ad nauseum (to visit grandchildren and cousins living in far-flung countries, for graduations, weddings and soccer games), keep working (which to him is, often, play because he loves it so much) and tell me that he really doesn’t have much time to talk because oh, even if it’s only 8:30 in the morning he’s already on his way out the door for a meeting.
Also pretty cool would be a giant wall map with thumbtacks where each subscription is going. I want to make one of these. That way, when they make a feature film about the making of the world-famous Apple-a-Month club in which we'll all get zingy dialogue and a super intense soundtrack by Trent Reznor, there can be a montage to carry us through the month of December where we'll be putting little pins in:
then with my fingers wiped the other's glass like a brow.
Royalties are set at 40% of the retail price less the wholesaler’s discount (normally 40% to 55%), though, they do not mention if the print costs are also subtracted. Unusually, Derwent Press offer a full refund if authors are not happy with the quality of the book. They refer to their service as partnership publishing and it is priced at £595. This fee includes ISBN allocation, database and distribution listing, colour custom designed cover, and internal layout based on a submitted word file. Editing is available, but at an additional fee on request. Authors should also enquire about the cost of books they might want to order from the publisher as this fee does not include a print run or author copies.
Black cohosh is one of many plants that contain nutrients with structures similar to human estrogen. These are called “phytoestrogens” because they originate with plants instead of animals. Phytoestrogens have been used to relieve hot flashes, night sweats and many other symptoms related to hormone imbalance. They can also be used when cancer therapy creates these symptoms.
09/15/2010 SELL 0.01 eurjpy 109.63 10/15/2010 113.77 -51.76
I had to take my wife’s car in today to get her oil changed and get her state inspection renewed. I am like George Costanza when it comes to cars. I know absolutely nothing about automotive technology and am thoroughly convinced that most mechanics know this fact and use my lack of a brain to try to rip me off.
Traditionally Fulham’s home form is good, which is just as well as traditionally their away form is rubbish. Newcastle haven’t been overly affected by the loss of Demba Ba and Cheik Tiote to the African Nations just yet, and during the week they added Ba’s international team-mate Pappis Cisse to their ranks.
I worked on the book Bullyproof Your Child for Life with Dr. Joel Haber, and one of his key concepts is "good bystanders." Bullies thrive when bystanders stand around failing to act. It makes the victim think that everyone agrees with the bully's actions, and it gives the bully more power-- the bully now knows no one will intervene.
*Afternoons: I don't know that I want a schedule at all. I'd like the philosophy to be kind of:
Keith Urban, your 1996 lady hair is doing you no favours. You may want to invest in a haircut. OR is it that you just enjoy whipping your hair back and forth so much that you can't part with it? I'd be okay with that.
He buys on his credit until Fall
The living remain’d and suffer’d, the mother suffer’d,
I said to Kathy, “Just tell the students, ‘We know you really want this class and we are offering it even though we cannot guarantee that the program will run without crashing through the entire class. If it crashes, we will give you your money back or a free class at a future time when we can make it work.’”
Good morning, friends. Glad you could stop by Robert Frost’s Banjo.
CALLER: Oh, well, I'll call back another time. There's no message.
2. Clarity = specific
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to determine who I am for and as myself within the context of sex and relationship but have simply accepted the pre-programmed packaged experience of sex and relationship that has been delivered to me through society and my environment.
Author: Cindy Gainer and illustrated by Miki Sakamoto
I’m focusing on the positives, beginning with the most obvious: my five year old will be bilingual by the end of this school year. You can’t argue with the value of that. Instead of spending my time planning homeschooling and getting deeper in debt, I’ll be spending my time finding more work and climbing towards a financial situation that may not buy us homeschooling, but may eventually buy us some of my other big goals. I’ll officially move on from the limbo of what-might-happen to a more solid footing that acknowledges that one person can only do so much, and if that means delegating tasks (in this case, some of my children’s education) so that I can successfully achieve other tasks, so be it. And I’ll have some time alone with Bojey, to really deeply explore her interests and strengths, in a way that I’ve never had before.
STILLLLLLLL….
I choked on my tea.
An excellent housewife
Rather brief, isn’t it? Let me add a few things. Lacey is a young woman living in a small town in Arizona. She has gone about her business without incident for years but all of that changes one night when a harried woman sits down by her at the bar and asks if she believes in ghosts. Intrigued, the woman, a male friend of hers and Lacey decide to go visit the market which the woman owns and believes has suddenly sprouted a ghost.
Sometimes it’s people who crack your egg open.
I invited Friend SH to share in my taco fest and what a fest it was. I bought really delicious Pacific cod, all organic vegetables, and created this dish in about 30 minutes. One really marvelous thing about fish is its quick cooking speed. Once I had the fish marinated, it was only minutes until I had it in a taco that was rapidly making its way towards being completely consumed. It's super light; light enough that I reasoned, "Hey - I can eat three of these." And I did. Because I wanted to. For the moment, how ever temporary and brief, I only thought of me.
Yesterday I returned to the doctor to find out about my eye. After several tests and a lot of nerves, the results came. And the verdict.....inconclusive. That's much better than what I could have heard, yet it is still not, "no cancer." There are more tests to come (some blood work, an optical scan, and if need be, some type of micro-biopsy). I have eye drops to use daily ($109 for a bottle that insurance wouldn't pay for).
I don't remember the first time I had gnocchi. I don't remember where I was, who I was with, or even if it happened earlier than a few years ago (it totally did). But I do remember a lingering fondness for these soft little potato pillows. A fondness that prompted me to make my own, and discover how such simple ingredients can be turned into something impeccable.
When Michael told me that he told Kevin it’s time, my stomach knotted up a bit. I’m serious! This is my first baby. His first steps, first day of school, first time riding a bike sans training wheels all seem like yesterday – and those were bittersweet for me. Now all signs point to the fact that he is, indeed, on the brink of manhood, and there is no going back – no turning back the clock and putting him in little footie pajamas, no snuggling him on my lap for The Runaway Bunny, no reaching out for him to hold my hand as we cross a street or parking lot. Time marches on, and babies grow up and become men and women.
Make a small tofu assembly line – the first bowl will contain cornstarch, the second is the beer batter, the last Panko. Place a baking sheet or cutting board at the end to hold your little tofu bites. Dredge tofu squares in the cornstarch, knocking off any excess. With a fork, dip the tofu in the beer batter and cover completely, turning to get all sides. Knock off any extra batter. Dip into the Panko and coat completely. Place on baking sheet.
for us
1. "Travelin' Alone"
There's something off about the girl. Something.... medically perhaps? It's hinted at in the trailer. Perhaps she was "created" by Blanchett's character and Bana, feeling sorry for the child, stole her away to keep her safe. I don't know. I'm sure that the twist at the end will reveal all and devastate poor, creepy Hanna. And she is creepy. Just watch the trailer. Anyway, this one seems to be a thriller, action, spy flick. I adore Cate Blanchett. She always makes the most interesting choices, and they are almost all watchable and enjoyable. I am turned off by the main character, Hanna, though, so I'm debating on whether or not to catch this one in theaters. Blanchett just might reel me in though, so we'll see. I predict this one will be a 3.5 or a 4 out of 5.
In a completely impersonal way, the wand excites the nerves as well as anything probably could. If I had more time, I could probably make myself come with the shower head alone but I lean back against the tile and point the shower wand at my cock while I stroke myself and think about kissing L one time outside Sandy and Dave’s when there were lots of friends waiting inside, and for a moment I rested my hand on her hip and to this day, I regret the fact that I only thought about it, but didn’t drag her by the waistband of her jeans into the dark carport and fuck her over the hood of Sandy’s Chevy Volt.
It's a time when people think about others more than themselves.
Nomination 3: Magic Rock
Lost in your Arms is a romantic adventure that will leave you smiling.
Have a great Valentine's Day tomorrow!
It was politicized to a point of an ultimatum issued, at the juncture where BN is facing a by-election. It should be seen as a political black-mail, since the Indian ethnic form a very crucial ‘deciding factor’ in the N 05 Tenang by-election where no single race form the majority of the constituency.
Obviously not and no one informed me that it wasn’t proper for me to “be who I wanted to be” because I wanted to get the heck out of there and they made me stay. My class was divided into groups by abilities and I so vividly remember the first day we had our reading circle. Everyone was given a copy of the book we were going to learn to read and my teacher sat in the circle with us and read the first sentence very slowly. “Okay,” I thought, “this is just a warm-up and we’ll be done in no time.” I started reading the book and was done before the second child to her left had finished reading the sentences assigned to him after the first child had stuttered and stammered her way through her attempt before saying she didn’t know the words. When they finally got to me, I was ready. I was going to show these kids how it was done. The teacher called on me to read the next page and everyone was stunned that she’d ask me to read so much. I started reading and was almost done with it when I realized that she was trying to stop me. I hadn’t made any mistakes and was very confused. “You need to slow down,” she said. “Not everyone else can read like you can and they need to hear the words. You’re going too fast.”
Now for some ‘news’, or rather “Daily (pseudo)Science Updates”.
I spent approximately six months tracking down the original person who had published the connection. Turns out it was someone that I actually knew and had even been to her house. I had met her a few years prior through another researcher who I had been in touch with looking for more information on the Rhea’s in the area I was researching in an effort to identify Linsey’s parents. During one of our conversations she and I talked about Linsey being the son of her ancestor John Rhea. The only connection was an index that mentioned a Lansea Rhea. I pointed out that an index didn’t mean anything. Someone would need to actually look at the original record first before you could be sure that you were the same person. She decided to add Linsey’s name to her John Rhea in order to keep track of him as she spent time researching. I did get the original record that was indexed for Lansea. The index may have been more useful if they had indexed her full name Lansea Jane.
And I almost forgot.
If you don't want to marinate the chicken before hand, then throw in all the masala powders after you cook the onions and garlic and then add the chicken and cook completely. Continue from the step where you add frozen peas.
where we felt we’d
1511 South 1500 East
4. Across the River- Bruce Hornsby and the Range
I remove my headphones and talk back.
The next phase in Europe now moves to a crisis called ClubMed, doubts about the structure of the Union as a whole, economic stagnation hitting big non-ezone member the United Kingdom, and Chinese retrenchment acting as a likely catalyst for slump.
Interesting times,.......and I already have Seasons 1 & 2 cued up on my Netflix que.
My sympathy for her stemmed from the fact that she had to perform her song and dance on a panel that consisted of people whose livelihoods are made on Wall Street. People who live how markets function and work each and every day!
4 - 99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
The auto installation might sometimes go wrong and might download some add-on which are not at all required.
The song "Arizona" recorded under the CBS label in 1970 was a big hit single and went gold on US Billboard 100s.
Unfortunately these bottles are for decoration only, they don't actually stock Sierra Nevada and Trappist Rochfort. But what they do have is a small selection of the better known Belgian beers, from which I picked a Chimay...
Whilst looking out and watching passers-by along Camden High Street submerged in biblical showers FMS sits comfortably drinking coffee, surrounded by cushions, dreadlocks and dream-catchers chatting to Wayne Murray of Boy Cried Wolf about why the man who appears to have it all still wants more.
"Time to come alive with some hit music and jive!" You have to give Kid Jensen this credit, without resorting to props or idiocy he comes up with something new to open every show. There is, however and sad to say, little jive about the show. Just in time for their final week in the top 30 the show has updated its Rubettes picture, the old five piece in the caps and suits gone in favour of what looks more like the cast of a dropped after one series northern based down at heel ITV detective series, except for the one wearing a pilot's uniform with cap.
Jennifer and I hope that you will join us for this lively challenge and the chance to be chosen by Andrew Zimmern as the winner of a lovely Aunt Else's Æbleskiver pan. And to our global blogger friends: international entries are totally eligible!
As he begins the process of leaving the club behind though the signs are not good that his time in charge will have been for its long term benefit. The key positives that he achieved were that he prevented the relegated side from going into administration at the time he first became involved and he also continued to fund the youth academy when others might have seen it close.
The standards, curriculum and teaching requirements in transitional kindergarten will be different than preschool. Transitional kindergarten will be part of the K-12 public school system and it will be based on the kindergarten standards. It will build on the skills children may have learned in preschool to ensure they will be able to begin kindergarten with confidence.
Sunday, April 8th thur Saturday, April 14th
Winter is just around the corner so I think its time to show you guys how to stay warm and make some warm food. This is a cheap stove that can be used as a heater/lantern as well.
I am sure that one can dig many holes in the book but this is one of the best food and travel books that has come out of India recently. Well, all right, I love these guys, so pardon the hyperbole.
She remained on life support for the next 4 hours.
1 tsp dijon mustard
There are also a fair amount of poems that allude to other literary and extra-literary sources. Eliot wrote that there are two types of allusion – extensive and intensive – and to the extent that I hope such allusions are extensive, the process of comparison (between the allusion and the alluded to) seems to me as much part of the poems as the words they contain.
Level 17: Recovers 170 HP and 51 MP every 4 seconds.
On this one I was a little bit right.
And they have my whimsies; but thou hast my heart.
I have the necessary genetics and previous professional racing experience to be a world champion…the missing ingredient has always been MONEY !
Up next is The Long Walk. This is the second book published under the Richard Bachman name. I really enjoyed this one the first time around, so I’m looking forward to reading it again. It’s significantly shorter than The Stand. So hopefully this one will help me get my momentum back.
Life is meant to be crazy, I just want to be able to handle the crazy and not become the crazy with it.
Everything I used is written in the description box.
Glory to the Spirit be
Simply Saline Spray $0.00 (Simply saline are bogo)
I’m afraid all too often, the answer is no.
This was considered by the Council’s Senior Planner (Consents) on 3 April 2012.
SH: What? I was supposed to slice it!
But delving into this more cellular level does something to the perception which is truly magic. The familiar music is heard differently, time stretches out, feelings become more important and useful than thoughts. Without smoking anything.
Breakfast: skipped it
The technique is the same for the whole picture. You cannot choose your final colors this way. You add colors little by little. It's sometimes hard to establish good contrast, and airbrush tends to make your illustration too soft. But it's how I work.
I normally try not to quote from people’s stage acts but, occasionally, Lewis mentions on stage that an Edinburgh Fringe reviewer once called him “mildly racist”.
We think it's weak. We think it means we aren't strong enough to persevere. We're afraid other people will feel sorry for us. That they won't take us seriously. That it is a reflection of our personal insufficiencies.
I moved on from there, to the fairy's skin. So I looked at the colors I usually use, and decided to go all out with this challenge. I have not used (that I remember) YR0000, 000 as skin colors. So Voila. I used a little BV000 in the shadow. Now - onto her hair. Hmmmmmm.... Of the browns, I KNOW I don't use the E9x series, but I don't have enough of those to work with... Plus the ones I have pretty much would make it look like her skin is peeling off of her head in strips. So that won't work. So I moved to the next least used... E70, 71, 74, 77, 79. I then added a little stardust to some of the strands to make it sparkly. The last two colors I used were for the leaves and stems - BG93 and BG96, and then Y0000 for the background.
Over the season’s last plums, mounds of asian pears and pebble-skinned avocados, I overheard him speaking to a grocery clerk.
And went birthday shopping for our friend in New York. Got her a few very neat and wonderful things.
“People say: ‘You’re doing arenas in April, how does that feel?’. And I mumble ‘yeah, s’alright’,” he disclaims, looking ahead to the next 12 months, with typical shy reverse. “All I can think about is playing Wembley stadium and headlining Glastonbury. No other milestones matter.”
WotC acquired the popular Dungeons & Dragons by purchasing the failing company TSR and experienced tremendous success by publishing the licensed Pokémon Trading Card Game.
That is why I say I am both blessed and cursed with her as a beta reader. Most people have betas that read like me, if I can see what the writer is trying to say I keep reading. I've read books that were absolute trash, but clearly written trash. In some ways that helps me critique people's books as I will look for minor things to improve on, but just because I read a book doesn't mean its any good.
Volcano then constricts his shores and stutters the rims, of ancient coastlines lost within. It’s cries, of grumbling behemoths, slowly
Hopefully the rhythms and message of the song were carried away through the week for those present in worship Sunday morning.
James Emanuel, "Sonnet For A Writer"
The President and Mr. Cameron departed the arena at 9:12 PM, as "Western Kentucky had just mounted a furious comeback and was trailing by one point," pool noted.
Before Mom and I even had a chance to take a bite, Dad had eaten half of his sandwich! I guess he liked it. His sandwich was the roasted turkey with smoked bacon, provolone cheese, and house made thousand island dressing.
Dress’d, and armed with my poem composed the night last in honour of the Lady of the Fans, and our shared moment at 2 a.m., travelled thence to Messrs Fraigneau & Foulkes. Who, apart from their fine fans, sell London’s finest enamel patchboxes. NOTE: Pleas’d to see them so jovial after their near bankruptcy. Thus, having chosen a patchbox in a rich blue with two courtly figures upon its top picked out in gold, made strait for her London residence. NOTE: I now wear two watches, one for timekeeping, t’other set permanently at the hour of 2. This watch I will not wind till my secret vow made at 2.a.m the night of the ball, be, to all my hopes, fulfilled.
This would turn this case into an unstoppable zombie, yielding only to the lethal force of dispositive Court action
Other Events: If you and your groom will be invited to a number of events in the near future (weddings of friends/relatives, business and charity functions) than it may be better to buy a new one. Renting a tux for every occasion will add up and the cost of buying now may be more affordable in the long run.
Never have I been so anxious to get out of Dodge in the winter and NEVER have I been so paranoid about the weather interfering with a vacation.
“Sun’s comments left me realizing there is much work to be done to educate my peers from China. But while I have no sympathy for him, I also hope my friends from Singapore would not let yourselves be consumed by rage. As much as it’s tempting to do otherwise, I’m sure we all aspire to rise above and be the better one.”
May you always remember:
first trip to the grocery strore yesterday with my handy-dandy
- For a long time, critics questioned the accuracy of Daniel 5, which mentions a Babylonian King named Belshazzar. Archaeological records show that Nabonidus was king at the time, and do not mention Belshazzar. Yet, in 1956, three stone slabs were found. These slabs showed that while Nabonidus went off to war to fight the Persians, he entrusted the kingdom to his son, Belshazzar.
Comber had come over to Malaya as part of the re-occupying forces that took over as the Japanese surrendered. In 1946 he was appointed to the police force in Malaya. He served as OCPD (Officer in Charge of Police District) KL South; at that time KL was divided into north and south zones for policing.
1. Thank the editor and let her know that you’re planning to find an agent to negotiate on your behalf. Let her know that you’ll get back to her in 7 to 10 days (and then of course get back to her in that time frame). Do NOT tell the editor you accept her offer or anything even remotely similar. This will ruin any possibility of the agent negotiating on your behalf.
June was the month when i was going through no-joys-all-sorrows phase of year 2010. And being the person i am, i admit i give into disappointments too easily although i do not let them rule my head for long. This post is a reminder of the fact that sorrows do not last, but when you get them as company, do not feel ashamed to be weak at times.
we’re on east coast, then we’re on west coast, have you seen any men like us?
You know, the more you smell it the smoother and more complex than American beers it becomes. It's fairly obvious, in fact. Also unlike many of the brash American versions, the malt retains some of its characteristics and there's a good roasted malt flavor that comes out a few seconds after each sip. The whisky hits first, of course, but it fades to the roasted flavor, which lingers a bit and then it finished pretty clean for an oak aged stout.
By a kick in the ribs or a pat on the head.
- only 5% of the adresses appears to be wrong. This accuracy is provided thanks to the customers who “create” the adresses themselves
Any time restrictions that might affect your raid availability:
I now have all this stuff in digital form, having bought an ex-girlfriend the Complete Hi Recordings CD set and copied it, but if you see the Straight From The Heart LP going cheap, please pick it up for me.
‘You’re a very weird person.’
By your mighty pow’r make whole
Visiting Assistant Professor Position in Mineralogy/Petrology
it's Bush herself who does the screeching axe-work.
The leading cause of death for African American males between the ages of 15 and 34 is homicide. The Bureau of Justice Statistics found the following:
“Do you have a picture of him?”
3 ask
When gas prices go up, so do airline tickets. American Airlines just announced today they were having to raise ticket prices by a minimum of $10 per trip in an effort to try and offset rising oil prices. Remember: airlines also charge you $25 to $35 per bag, claiming the extra weight causes the airplane to use additional fuel.
If I wanted to do meet and greets, I'd have become a public speaker for God sakes!
There are a number of tools available out there, and some are even Open Source and/or Free!
Read more at Thanhnien News
On the streets of New York, Austen found composure and beauty in common situations. More stunningly, she found it among lower class subjects -- bike messengers and street urchins, rag pickers and fishmongers. Most likely, she knew 'proper' New Yorkers would never have posed so spontaneously for her. Perhaps her choices were informed by contemporary New York photographers of the day, people like Lewis Hine and Jacob Riis, who chose the same subjects but for more social reformist purposes.
“I said what I always say, which is that I personally think you should only tell a joke about any ethnic group if you can tell it to their face and they will laugh AND you can tell it when they’re not around and people who are not of that group will not find it offensive.
Oh send and be the love
DOC: (writing) Well, let’s see….you’re exhibiting signs of clinical depression, based on your lack of joy for things which used to bring you comfort and purpose…
In search of my Love
So I am, until my defense a week from Monday, free of responsibility for this draft!
Entertainment: A (4 points)
So you are a bit more disciplined in that respect compared to the rest of the band?
Love you.
While we were walking around the campus, we heard music from somewhere. We tried to walk to the source of music but coulnd't really pinpoint the location. It seemed like the sound was coming from the other side of the street so we went back to the car and took the car to find this location.
My dad was around 29 years old at the time; tall, a full head of beautiful light brown curly hair, clear blue eyes, straight teeth that had escaped the eager, greedy hands of his family's orthodontist when he was a teen. My dad grew up in all-American, upper middle class family of nine children in Arizona during the 60's. He escaped Vietnam by just a couple of years, unlike his brother who my father, at age sixteen, saw buried. His father was a federal judge, his mother had a master's degree in Psychology but was a housewife and a devout Mormon. He came from a family with a history of power and success; his maternal grandmother had served in the Arizona State legislature in the 1940s (no small feat for a woman at the time), his paternal grandfather was a Professor of tax law. All of his siblings had gone on to law school, or had become accountants or had started to work their way up the military ranks.
Now I'm fifty.
In this still virgin year, I am planning to read a few books(which I haven’t done in a long time). And where would I find a better place to blog about them.
@osgood9: " Yes Glenn your own gold dust covered straight jacket"
Dylan and I have been getting our craft on this week including dying Easter eggs. This was Dylan's first time doing so. I debated with myself for a few weeks whether or not he was old enough. Now I'm very glad I went ahead and bought the kit! We only used half of the colors and 6 eggs, but he had a great time.
… I thought tonight at a Monthly Meditation gathering, that the beautiful sound of silence, lasting for twenty minutes, was perfect, because in it, was true peace. In it only my own thoughts could hurt me. In it their were no words, no threats, just peace. I could let go of my worries, my troubled thoughts, and also let go of the happy ones, and simply sit in the empty space, in the silence, in the air, in the breath of God. And the music of Panis Angelicus, and my few but fabulous visits to Cathedrals for Choral Evensong, are somewhat similar. Breathtaking, and no room for argument, in the simple space of complete surrender in beauty…
We had some wonderful entries and a lot of them too! :)
Stamp the images in VersaMark and emboss with Heat Tool.
5. They are marriage minded. Their goal is marriage and they have no qualms about it. When they find an acceptable girl they don’t have cold feet. They may have girlfriends who they have no plans on marrying when they are young, but eventually they will go looking for someone who is marriage appropriate. They aren’t afraid of commitment.
Jo and Nick realise before long that it seems Jo may have inadvertently spoken to the leader of this organisation and because of that, could identify him. Her life is now in great danger and Nick wants to protect her. Jo is determined not to leave the area though, consenting to police protection in her own house but the bodies keep coming and before long Jo realises that this danger is not going to go away until one of them – her or the leader – is dead.
Last weekend we got what a normal Nebraska winter delivers....
It was quite impressive! The chain was heavy enough to bog the car down in some of the sandier spots. When we got going 30 mph or so it would dig into the surface and disappear three or more inches under the sand. Corners were tough towing 200' of chain but Jack managed well and we only took out a few acres of brush, but no cactus were damaged. And the results were beautiful. The chain was shiny when we were done and it was tempting just to toss it back on the boat. But off we went to Castores, the local trucking company and they put it on a pallet and whisked it away promising it would be in Mexicali (almost a thousand miles away) in two days. Well nine days later I was getting worried but last night we had confirmation that our chain had just arrived in Mexicali at the Galvanization plant. Now lets hope it makes it back.
We patched things up and had a 1 year total relationship. He's the one that taught me ballroom and 2 step dancing at bars and I love it. He was demanding thou, I had to be a perfect housewife, never denying him....So the arguments were endless.
Since chareter schools are able to hit the reset button when they open, test scores start from a new baseline which wipes out any of the ‘past’ history and lets everyone breathe a sigh of relief at not being on the bottom rung and maybe, just maybe there is a way out of the hole (generally something which looks like parenting and parent involvement – two things poverty stricken families do not tend to have in good supply). The teachers at the new charter school (old Chipman) will receive all the accolades in a few years when there is a path of data to support they did indeed improve test scores. No one is sure where all the students who would be going there, went there, are there in Grade 6 this year but it will be a new school in Grade 7 are going to be ‘disaggregrated’ but the data suddenly will change.
Cost of event – $50,000
Do tell….
Now, Rosey isn't really a fashionable child. I like to think I dress her well, and every once in awhile she'll ask for something with a flower on it, or lip-gloss, but she's never been one of those kids with a closet-ful of princess dresses and earrings in every colour.
"The unit was acting on the instruction of the provincial commissioner and I was not even aware that they were in Leandra on that day," Shongwe said.
Nevins cringed when asked about this event. “That was an incident where no one was at their best,” he acknowledged. “It was a very painful moment.”
(more details will be forthcoming). We recommend starting with a new ablum as 2011 will be a new story to tell.
Official gallery
Fake clay pot: $0.50 (2 for $1)
35Dimnah and Nahalal with their grass-lands, four towns.
Title: Dead is Not an Option
But I finally conquered my fear and took the plunge.
I have a lot on my plate for 2012.
The Hill and Fox News are both reporting on a draft of a resolution that would hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for his "refusal" to cooperate in an investigation of the Fast and Furious operation.
Hailed as an “awe-inspiring work of history and storytelling,” “Fallen Giants” (Yale University Press, 2008) chronicles 250 years of the international quest to climb the world’s tallest peaks. “Isserman and Weaver,” wrote Bruce Barcott in the New York Times, “brilliantly present the complete picture — the political context, the changing social dynamics, the emergence of modern climbing technique — without losing sight of the need to entertain. ‘Fallen Giants’ absolutely brims with vivid characters, from the Duke of the Abruzzi to George Mallory … hard men and egotists, saints and scoundrels.”… – The Daily News Online, 12-11-10
He said the annual black-tie affair, which features Washington reporters and editors drinking, joking and partying with Hollywood stars and the city's top lawmakers -- including the president -- is contributing to the public's mistrust of the media.
Because, sometimes, you won’t.
Then, we went to Lowe's and purchased wire mesh. The mesh was about $8 and is enough mesh to fix my non-existent screen door for the rest of eternity. Hubs asked why I bought so much, but that was all they had. It was not an option to buy just the small amount I needed. Depending upon the thickness of the mesh, you may need to purchase tin snips, but you could probably use scissors. I also purchased matte black spray paint at Walmart because I couldn't decide on another color, but any paint would probably work.
Over and around us lies.
Lastly add jeera and garlic.
While Yates’ doctors may deem her ready to reenter society, the public may feel differently.
*Refund Practices
-Open the lid,toss and stir fry till the moisture content disappears.
In less than 2 months we are headed to the Caribbean to visit beautiful Puerto Rico! I absolutely cannot wait and it will be such a fun trip! We have been talking about going back to the Caribbean since our cruise last year so now we are doing it!
Who else would have warned
All buildings incorporate a range of floor coverings. For instance, offices are usually carpeted, kitchens and toilets usually contain sheet vinyl or stone tile. Whatever the floor type, each has its own particular characteristics, one of which will be their ability to resist slips when people travel across them.
Lock and Key by Sarah Dessen
There are many other uses for a tailor's awl of course and once you try it you won't be able to get along without it.
So we might say that, while architects are busy trying to reimagine traditional building typologies and architectural programs—such as the Library, the Opera House, the Airport, the Private House—these sorts of formally original, though sometimes aesthetically kitsch, designs that we are examining here come not from an architecture firm at all, or from a particular school or department, but from a recreational sports firm pioneering brand new spatial environments.
Well, at least life isn’t a dull occasion in these times!
08. No Cars Go
4 pans butter rolls, from recipe above, not risen for the final time
Always use a password—it’s amazing how many accounts have blank passwords. And choose a complex one. Don’t use your dog’s name, your anniversary date, or the name of the local football team. And don’t use the word “password”! Pick a password that has a mix of upper- and lower-case letters, number, punctuation marks, and so forth. Make it as long as possible. And change it often. Once you’ve picked a strong password, handle it appropriately. Don’t write it down. If you absolutely must write it down, at the very least keep it in a safe or a locked drawer—the first thing a bad guy who’s hunting for passwords will do is check for a yellow sticky note on the side of your screen, or in the top desk drawer. Don’t tell anyone what your password is. Remember what Ben Franklin said: two people can keep a secret, but only if one of them is dead.
i never posted pictures of the end of my garden last year. my energy was being eaten up by everything else going on, and my gardening enthusiasm waned.
Whisk together buttermilk, 2 tablespoons of the cilantro, fresh lime juice light sour cream, mayo, chili powder, salt, pepper, ground red pepper, and garlic.
In Psalm 1, the Bible teaches that there are two ways: the way of the righteous and the way of the wicked. Let me ask you three questions to help you think about which road you are traveling.
Muy unfortunate.
For example, when Katniss kisses her hand and does a three finger salute, this was a very poignant scene in the movie…but I think it was more so for the people who had read the book because we knew the background behind the action. Movie Watchers just saw it as a tribute to a fallen comrade but they didn’t realize the implications that action could have. I guess they will probably specify that in the coming movies, but who knows!
Italy
Finally a simple portrait of Holly without too much fiddling about done on it at all. There are a number of technical faults with it, but I just like it because it brings back good memories of our trip, and really in the end if I like it that's all that matters.
The tale is that the Ursuline nuns in New Orleans prayed to the Virgin to deliver us a victory over the British during their invasion of New Orleans during the War of 1812. In their prayers they offered to put up statues of her if we were able to keep the British out. After the ragtag and vastly outnumbered army led by Andrew Jackson defeated the British, statues of the Blessed Mother were erected all over French Louisiana.
1 assign
To the last syllable of recorded time,
Something in the salad made my tongue very itchy, even though I’ve had it a thousand times before. Weird, right?
Matt Brammeier (Irl) – A rider I don’t know a lot about, showed well in Tour de Romandie and the classics. I’ll keep an eye out for him this year.
So after almost 4 years the only things we saw were some rest stops boasting 13-foot gators, this weird place called Alligator Town (where oddly enough we saw not one alligator, nor one other human being?) and South of the Border.
Speaking of toys, that is, important and necessary tools, I bought a Mac a few weeks ago, which was a big step for this decade-long PC user. The retail store with its glass walls, opaque glass stairs and polished, smiling security guards was speckled with blue-shirted sales assistants assuring me with comforting phrases “Steve is my boss” and “we just want to help people”.
Glazing: Mix powdered sugar with as little lime juice as possible to form a glaze. The glaze should be pasty, so use as much lime juice you need to get this consistency. Store the Pfeffernüsse between layers of parchment paper in an airtight container. You can store them in a dry and not too warm place for about 4 weeks.
13 Midnight Waltz
Here are some photos from Shamian Island and the White Swan:Here is one of our favorite sites on Shamian Island:Some from the White Swan Hotel:Then there is our part of Guangzhou. We are staying at the Holiday Inn Shifu in the downtown area of GZ on a famous pedestrian shopping area. It is also a 15 minute walk to Shamian Island.These pictures are the view from our hotel room. I don't know if it is clear in the pictures, but from our elevated perspective, we can see the "old" (and I mean ancient) buildings that look like what Americans would consider a "shanty town," and the elegant and new facade attached to the front of the buildings to hide what is really there. This was done because the Asian Games are coming to GZ in November. The government is trying to "clean up" the city as much as they can in preparation for the Games. From the street, you cannot tell what is behind it.Today we went to the US Consulate for our oath taking process. This is the final step in the adoption process and tomorrow we will receive Chen Jie's visa and will be able to leave the country. I was very proud of myself for not crying on Gotcha Day/Forever Family Day, but I did cry while taking the oath. I couldn't even get through it, I just let Dave speak for me and I kept my right hand raised.
Feel Gooder and be able to watch my daughter grow up
Hello to all of our sassy friends!! And, welcome to our new challenge for this week. All of your entries in our Butterfly challenge were simply sensational!! Thank you to everyone who joined us and shared their creativity. We loved seeing everyone's beautiful entries.
Jim also spends a lot of time reminding his readers of his stature, both financial and otherwise, in China. He writes about his fancy car, his lush apartment, his ability to lavish financial gifts on those around him. Two examples will serve to illustrate, but such examples could be multiplied many, many times. In chapter 5 ("Walkabout") Jim recounts how he left his protective hotel to take a walk in the "other China". He abandoned his "car and driver" to walk around Chongqing's poorer neighborhoods. He gets lost, asks some kids where the nearest McDonalds was, and was escorted by fifteen street children there. Jim then describes his arrival at the eatery:
whether or not we believe in superstition, it's just a funny way to look at things sometimes.
Holden wrecks and boiling diesels
Tell her to crawl on all fours like a dog
That’s the simple thesis, and I’m not getting into a “what is art” debate.
nude and excited
Oct-20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center On Sale Fri. Apr. 27
I'm a little late (as usual) on this one. Hopworks is releasing their Rise Up Red today. This is a nicely balance Northwest red ale for spring time. I'm going to head down there today to Hopworks for the
The application for UTP May 2012 Intake (Undergraduate – Malaysians only) is now OPEN. However, application for UTP May 2012 Intake (Foundation – Malaysians only) will only be opened once the SPM 2011 results are officially announced (i.e 21 March 2012).
I had to change it to this horrid looking one until I figure out the issues I'm having with Blogger, and aparrently Artisteer might be causing some problems with accessing my page too. Not sure there.
SkyWest’s total operating revenues increased $55.2 million, or 6.4%, during the quarter ended March 31, 2012, over the same period in 2011. The increase in operating revenues was the result of higher pass-through costs (primarily fuel and engine overhaul costs) under SkyWest’s agreements with its major partners and an increase in block hour production. The increase in operating revenues was offset by a planned reduction in prorate flying block hours of 13.4% resulting in reduced revenues of approximately $6.0 million. In spite of the reducing operating revenues from prorate flying, SkyWest’s revenue per available seat mile for this flying increased 14.6% from improved pricing. After excluding the increased pass-through costs of approximately $31.1 million, for fuel and engine overhauls, and the reduction in prorate flying revenue of $6.0, total operating revenues increased approximately $30.1 million due to the additional block hour production of 3.1% and improved utilization. Total block hours for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 were 556,421 compared to 539,910 for the same period last year.
3. (C) After thanking PM Meles for the meeting and noting the positive U.S.-Ethiopian relationship, Sen. Feingold asked the PM about Ethiopian plans for dealing with Somalia. Meles replied that the situation in Somalia had deteriorated significantly in the last six months. Like the Taliban in Afghanistan, the CIC had filled a political vacuum in Somalia, providing security and stability in areas that they controlled. Meles said the CIC was also riding a wave of resurgent Jihadism in the region which had been encouraged by developments in Iraq and Afghanistan. He noted that the CIC had been implementing the same brand of radical Islam espoused by other extremists, as was evidenced by their censoring of television programming and cinemas, as well as their ban on khat. Meles acknowledged that Somalis had traditionally resisted such extreme interpretations of Islam, but also remarked that Somalis "liked to back a winning horse" and Jihadists had accumulated a string of victories that was winning converts to their cause. This gathering military momentum had allowed a relatively small group of extremists to dominate the large and diverse organizations who formed the CIC. Meles said CIC leaders Sheik Aweys, Aidan Ayro and Hassan al-Turki had direct connections to Al Qaeda that were known to intelligence services, including in the U.S. He agreed with Sen. Feingold’s suggestion that the CIC could be considered a "franchise of Al Qaeda."
Taybank Studio, Ayr, Scotland 1978-09-04
Location of Murder:- Lislabin, Cloughmills, County Antrim
What is judgment if we judge things by how the seem?
One thing I have noticed after watching a number of these space shows is that unless you're watching a live feed from the space station, nobody can make a space show about ANY planet or moon without mentioning and showing digitally rendered footage, at least four times in an hour-long show, of a huge asteroid hitting the Earth and wiping out our entire existence. They're obsessed. Though I feel that the obsession probably has more to do with sensationalism to boost ratings than an obsession with the end of the world as we know it. The way they work that scenario into every show smacks of the sensationalism used to get people to watch the news every night. Jackasses.
One often overlooked aspect of a conference is the networking benefit. I’ll let you in on a trade secret. Once I know authors—usually those I’ve met at a conference—I feel more at home in evaluating their book proposals.
3) This was on extremely tired legs(the day before this run I rode 14 miles on my bike w/ over 340 ft of elevation & the day before that I did front squats in my workout-since I'm a triathlete and no longer "just a runner", it's good to run w/ my legs tired b/c that's what race day is like)! On race day I'll be completely rested!
UPDATE (1): 20th December, 2011. The Irish Times has the inside track today on the Daly settlement (1) 17-20 Bond Street has indeed, according to the newspaper, been sold to LVMH for €350m (GBP 300m, chances are that the GBP 300m is correct and at current exchange rates the price tag is €358m) and (2) the Dalys have handed back €80m of assets to NAMA which had previously, reportedly, been transferred by the Dalys outside the ownership of the specific borrowers and (3) the €80m handed back includes €17m in cash which was reportedly transferred by David Daly to his wife, Mary. The Irish Times reports that the settlement means ” NAMA has recovered the €457 million debt owed by Mr Daly and his family” but that statement presupposes the assets recovered by NAMA are worth the difference between the €457m face value of the loans and the €350m-odd proceeds from the 17-20 Bond Street sale to LVMH. However, this is beginning to look like a solid success for NAMA if (a) it has recovered the face value of loans which it bought at a discount from AIB and (b) NAMA didn’t lose the Daly challenge about consultation and (c) NAMA is not stuck with what are likely to be substantial legal costs – on this last point we should find out in January 2012 what is happening to costs.
Nov 11 – Jannus Landing – St. Petersburg, FL (W/Cobra Starship)
Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known to the world as the beloved Dr. Seuss, was born in 1904 on Howard Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. Ted's father, Theodor Robert, and grandfather were brewmasters in the city. His mother, Henrietta Seuss Geisel, often soothed her children to sleep by "chanting" rhymes remembered from her youth. Ted credited his mother with both his ability and desire to create the rhymes for which he became so well known.Although the Geisels enjoyed great financial success for many years, the onset of World War I and Prohibition presented both financial and social challenges for the German immigrants. Nonetheless, the family persevered and again prospered, providing Ted and his sister, Marnie, with happy childhoods.The influence of Ted's memories of Springfield can be seen throughout his work. Drawings of Horton the Elephant meandering along streams in the Jungle of Nool, for example, mirror the watercourses in Springfield's Forest Park from the period. The fanciful truck driven by Sylvester McMonkey McBean in The Sneetches could well be the Knox tractor that young Ted saw on the streets of Springfield. In addition to its name, Ted's first children's book, And To Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street, is filled with Springfield imagery, including a look-alike of Mayor Fordis Parker on the reviewing stand, and police officers riding red motorcycles, the traditional color of Springfield's famed Indian Motocycles.Ted left Springfield as a teenager to attend Dartmouth College, where he became editor-in-chief of the Jack-O-Lantern, Dartmouth's humor magazine. Although his tenure as editor ended prematurely when Ted and his friends were caught throwing a drinking party, which was against the prohibition laws and school policy, he continued to contribute to the magazine, signing his work "Seuss." This is the first record of the "Seuss" pseudonym, which was both Ted's middle name and his mother's maiden name.To please his father, who wanted him to be a college professor, Ted went on to Oxford University in England after graduation. However, his academic studies bored him, and he decided to tour Europe instead. Oxford did provide him the opportunity to meet a classmate, Helen Palmer, who not only became his first wife, but also a children's author and book editor.After returning to the United States, Ted began to pursue a career as a cartoonist. The Saturday Evening Post and other publications published some of his early pieces, but the bulk of Ted's activity during his early career was devoted to creating advertising campaigns for Standard Oil, which he did for more than 15 years.As World War II approached, Ted's focus shifted, and he began contributing weekly political cartoons to PM magazine, a liberal publication. Too old for the draft, but wanting to contribute to the war effort, Ted served with Frank Capra's Signal Corps (U.S. Army) making training movies. It was here that he was introduced to the art of animation and developed a series of animated training films featuring a trainee called Private Snafu.While Ted was continuing to contribute to Life, Vanity Fair, Judge and other magazines, Viking Press offered him a contract to illustrate a collection of children's sayings called Boners. Although the book was not a commercial success, the illustrations received great reviews, providing Ted with his first "big break" into children's literature. Getting the first book that he both wrote and illustrated, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, published, however, required a great degree of persistence - it was rejected 27 times before being published by Vanguard Press.The Cat in the Hat, perhaps the defining book of Ted's career, developed as part of a unique joint venture between Houghton Mifflin (Vanguard Press) and Random House. Houghton Mifflin asked Ted to write and illustrate a children's primer using only 225 "new-reader" vocabulary words. Because he was under contract to Random House, Random House obtained the trade publication rights, and Houghton Mifflin kept the school rights. With the release of The Cat in the Hat, Ted became the definitive children's book author and illustrator.After Ted's first wife died in 1967, Ted married an old friend, Audrey Stone Geisel, who not only influenced his later books, but now guards his legacy as the president of Dr. Seuss Enterprises.At the time of his death on September 24, 1991, Ted had written and illustrated 44 children's books, including such all-time favorites as Green Eggs and Ham, Oh, the Places You'll Go, Fox in Socks, and How the Grinch Stole Christmas. His books had been translated into more than 15 languages. Over 200 million copies had found their way into homes and hearts around the world.Besides the books, his works have provided the source for eleven children's television specials, a Broadway musical and a feature-length motion picture. Other major motion pictures are on the way.His honors included two Academy awards, two Emmy awards, a Peabody award and the Pulitzer Prize.
4: The Meritorious.
Same bathroom, two ways.
It all starts out innocenly, at first. Then someone starts to break the rules and play unfairly. So you decide to keep up. You find youself crossing boundaries to step into someone else's shoes. You tell yourself ... it's okay, it's just a game right? Or ... is it?
A gripping military fantasy in the tradition of Glen Cook, Scourge of the Betrayer explores the brutal politics of Empire–and the searing impact of violence and dark magic on a man’s soul.Visit Jeff Salyards's website and blog.
Unfortunately, as you can see, Gonz was missing most of the stickers that went with this adventure. Below is a closeup of the only one he had featuring Rom. Note Rom arrived in a spaceship and his rocket pack is missing, at least on this sticker.
The bar code system is an automatic system that tracks students, who walk and bicycle to school, more accurately and efficiently. Before the bar code system, volunteer parents manually counted and entered data into a database. An integral administrative part of the program is setting up the bar code website, called Active 4 Me, and uploading data from the wireless scanners. At Orrenmaa Elementary School, the Instructional Computer Assistant will be the on-site administrator and register students into the online system. The Instructional Computer Assistant will incorporate the Walking Program data and rewards system into her school curriculum, which allows students to monitor their own progress using the new website.
We could have done the same thing with dad as he only had children by 1 wife.
After finishing our tour around the gardens, we walked a different way back to the hotel (making sure we stopped for gelato), and called it a night.
We bought two of these, which I'll arrange into an L shape:
When you arrive at the ‘dock’ and try to jump gracefully off the boat (step on the palm leaves to avoid the mud), you have to walk for 5 minutes through the jungle. The noise of cicadas, birds, and all kinds of life buzzing, screeching and chattering surrounds you in an instant. As we crossed a wooden bridge, a curious monkey came down to meet us.
-‘Memba that haircut I mentioned he needed to tame his expanding mullet? Yeah, well that trip went really bad. He screamed and cried the entire time. I’ve since had to work on his noggin’ while he naps.
Mzwandile Sicholo, the owner of the Come Again spaza shop, is undergoing surgery today to remove three bullets from his body. Sicholo was in a serious condition in GF Jooste Hospital and would be operated on this morning, a hospital spokesman said.
Of course there was the $43 to get the urine out of Dave White's pants (totally my fault, but still).
TEAPOT LIONFACE: Well, never mind, can’t take all this crap to Paris. Catch you on the flip side!
What a wild turn of events. Where to begin?
Underlying Malema's childish outburst is the idea that the ANC, as the embodiment of the people's will, is the supreme power in the land. There is no understanding that the Constitution is supreme, that South Africa is a constitutional state with an independent judicial system, which is insulated from political influence by the beautiful doctrine of a separation of powers.
dress — Horny Toad (Horny Toad)
On the way back I piloted the plane, a little bit. We have had a bare foot deboarding again. On top of this the rain started really picking up. So by the time actually went on the road with our jump started van it was pouring and everything, including the inside the van, was wet. Likely the drive was short – just till the town of Coldfoot, AK.
Like contractions. Loads of contractions.
1 racks
a) If you want the general public (ie. the LCD/retards) to understand your important safety message, don't use a word that one could use to win scrabble.
The second I saw the two of them sitting in the stools... Kurt wearing a suit that shimmers, and Rachel in her sailor shirt, it reminded me of something I'd seen before. Maybe you've never seen the original, and in that case totally missed the reference to the amazing Judy Garland, and living legend herself, Barbra Streisand. Here is their classic performance of the same song, from the Judy Garland Show circa 1963. Notice the similarities?
...because you're terrified that you're never going to meet anyone better than him or even more so, you're scared you're not going to meet anyone exactly like him because him, being who he is, is what you want regardless of the circumstances.
MAGGIE RODRIGUEZ: How much responsibility does the doctor have in this?
Things that make me go ughhhh.
Edna Buchanan, aka "The Queen of Crime," is another local author who writes mysteries that take place in South Florida, so I'm adding her to my list.
Best Baby Jogger 87104CONSOL City Mini – Green-Gray w Parent Console Collections
139 ***5. “The Occasions of Freedom of Speech.” Political Science Reviewer, vol. 5, pp. 383-402 (Fall 1975). (Sources: Items D-III/4/1974 and D-V/29/1975, below, Item A-3, above. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 199-213 (1992).)
How hard and long would you be willing to work if you thought it might help your family find salvation from eternal death in Hell?
James Michael Starr Post-modern found-object sculpture and collage
I used this amazing Kenny K image to create my Steampunky vision. WILDLY enough I picked the colors and then found paper to match the colored image. I couldn't believe I found this paper. I nearly fell into shock when I did, and that it worked so well.
And...the oven died or is very sick. It's getting a check up now, so I'm making no-bake items.
Fuck me, fuck me now!
And things get out of hand
And I bet she still tried to make some beauty out of it. She made her own clothes, she did her hair on special occasions, she cared for her children and she danced with her husband. And if they were lucky, they even got some happiness out of it.
Spoken to transform the gentle Cow Goddess Hathor
I overheard a Crayon Box
Each human life is precious beyond measure.
Our schedule has been busy and I have been seeking how to eliminate. The answers are not clear yet, but I have today. I have a precious gift of a day at home. Thank You, Lord, for nudging a dear friends heart to minister such grace and blessing to me. I am so grateful and am being restored in this gift of quiet and rest.
Tracks C1 - D2 recorded live at Rotherham Arts Centre by INPUT, February 1980
Following some very impressive performances by the GB team in Israel which saw promotion for the Judy Murray led squad the draw for April’s Fed Cup World Group II play-offs as been made.
I sprinted to the janitor's closet. Sprinted might be too strong a word since I was huffing and staggering and begging for mercy by the time I got halfway there. The closet door hung open. I peered inside the small space and grimaced at the chemical fumes stinging my nose. A metal shelf held several containers of various cleansers. I supposed if Nathan needed a chemical bath, any of them would be perfect but they wouldn't do much good in a fight. I spotted the only serviceable weapon: a broom. It was a far cry from what the Lady of the Lake offered King Arthur, but I didn't have much of a choice. I grabbed it.
Linking up here..
the store/cafe is open and doing well, I am doing what I can to help.
(2) enforcement of personal guarantees
Gift: Fortitude (Courage) – With the gift of courage, we overcome our fear and are willing to take risk as a follower of Jesus. A person with courage is willing to stand up for what is right in the sight of God, even if it means accepting rejection, verbal abuse, or even physical harm and death.
Ok, so I figured I’d better move on. I’d explored just about all of Nagrand and I loved almost all of it. I’m still not entirely comfortable with these Orcs though. Is it such a crime to sleep in a building that has a proper bed (one word people – hammocks… oh my aching back!) or a touch of sophistication and gentility?
Cheesecakes ~ lemon flavored with current, and orange flavored with almonds and candied orange peel
Enregistrement: 1965-2009
* Could you tell us a bit about your other books – Bad Faith and Crossing The Line?
When you buy a mens watch, you want to get the watch that you you want, and not just what is available at the local mall. Shop online to buy a mens watch and you will find exactly what you are looking for. There is only one place to look if you want to browse 100′s and 1000′s of fine quality mens watches.
This is in full sun in Ventura. If you want to try them here in Ojai I would suggest a spot that provides a few hours of shade. The roots are extremely brittle and sensitive to any disturbance. I’ve lost plants to gophers, clumsy dogs and wind. Once they are well established they can be shaped or even cut back heavily to encourage fresh growth. Go easy or eschew summer water altogether if possible. They may go a bit dormant in the driest part of the year but they are among the first to respond with fresh growth to fall rains. Under ideal conditions flowers can appear all year long, though spring is the peak season
The move against electoral reform movement Bersih is seen as a sign that the hawks in Putrajaya have won the day despite their confidence that the rally has no traction.
1426 D-V/18/2002. “Bishop Tikhon and the Soul of Stravrogin: A Cautious Way In as the Safest ‘Way Out.’” Seminar, Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina.
The lesson from this is to not skimp when buying auto insurance and contact a lawyer experienced in declaratory judgment actions to represent you in any claims matters.
MP
**Surely you knew that was coming? The doctor and I had a discussion about Kubrick’s choice of eye-opening apparatus. Despite or because of his red bow tie with small paisley, this doc was the coolest.
I could see Marlene’s shoulders tensing. “I’m Marlene Drayer, and this is my friend, Lyddia Veil.” I stepped forward and tried to smile my nicest smile. It bounced off her face like a spit ball hitting a Kevlar vest and I made a note to self to whiten my dentures tonight.
The book was inspired by the film Mama Mia, and the fact that everyone kept talking about how ABBA would never come together again, and I, for one, being a consummate optimist, with a proclivity to not listen to what others tell me, especially when it includes the word “NO” - so, yes, I think that ABBA can put on a performance that can shake the world and mark musical history, even to this day.
Fareda: I’m telling you this because our next adventure is to go to the flea market.
When we talk about Web filtering, people automatically envision blocking things like sex and gambling sites, but there is much more to it than that. Depending on the age of your children, you will want to block different things. For the younger user ou may want to block social networking, email and chat sites except the ones that you have specifically allowed for example. You should review all of the available categories and think about them carefully when deciding. You can of course change your settings as often as you like, but you will likely settle on something and not have to change it very often.
“This sounds like I don’t have a choice in the matter.”
For Mrs. Obama’s groundbreaking today, she will be joined by 23 fifth graders from a local school, who will be involved throughout the growing season with the care and tending of the garden. According to an article in the NY Times this morning:
I was taught the traditional skill a long time ago by my grandmother who was a fantastic knitter and could knit away whilst watching Coronation Street without looking down once!
I have a stamp set from Skipping Stones Design to give away too! Simply also share your link with me (here in the comments section) to your card created with this sketch. At the end of the month I will randomly draw one winner from the 4 weeks participants to win! I will be here every Tuesday for the month of Feb with a new sketch!
“She was almost like a ‘Real Housewife’ — people didn’t want her at the party,” said a social acquaintance who, for propriety’s sake, asked not to be identified.
That wasn't the only pretty addition I wanted to make, however. On top of the bookshelf is a small caddy of drawers that holds various office supplies like paper clips, stapler, etc. I grabbed some more pretty paper and lined the drawers!
Photo of Mark Allen
Not a one. Work with me here: for a movie like this to be successful, you have to have at least one person in it that you recognize; someone whose face you know was a good actor or actress that has been in other successful films. That kind of a reassurance would go along way in something like this. But... Taylor Kitsch? Lynn Collins? Sure, Willem DaFoe and Thomas Haden Church are here, but in voice only. I wished we could have at least seen their faces instead of just two very entertaining and expressive actors embodied by rubbery CGI aliens. Is it just me, or does a story like this at least deserve someone to look at onscreen that's a familiar face? Star Wars had Alec Guinness and Peter Cushing, how could it have hurt John Carter?
Sometimes it takes too long to deicide, and then the moment is gone, taking off like some butterfly fluttering away from you over the summer garden to land on some distant flower far out of your reach.
Often in times of worship, we experience God’s gentleness and comfort. But Undone Worshippers experience altogether different meetings with Him… It is only in holy moments, marked by discomfort and soul-searching that we encounter the Lord Almighty in all of His greatness, majesty, and awesome splendor. It is in light of this that we realize our own weakness and can honestly say, like Isaiah, “Woe is me, for I am undone!”
This rather bizarre ruling meant I didn’t get to Perth as the game was switched back to the Tuesday. My distraction at checking my mobile phone under the table at the swank restaurant was picked up by my acquaintance who wasn’t the slightest bit amused. Especially as the game went into extra time and Hearts waited until three minutes before the end until netting the winner. Punching the air with my fist and shouting yes several times wasn’t quite the romantic end to the evening she had anticipated…
Paris is on everyone's bucket list, am I right? So people come and go. I've started asking "How long are you here for?" as a means to cope.
In nature of supporting the Phillies' effort of kicking ass in the NLCS, here is a couple pictures of Theresa and I in our Phillies t-shirts after a couple of the games :-). Looking forward to seeing Hamels dominate tomorrow night!
A story from Miami is making me happy and sad at the same time, which is quite an achievement for an everyday human tale of yearning and fulfilment. I don’t usually experience such a complex mix of emotions unless mating elephants are involved.
Anyway, thanks to that blog, I am getting more traffic to this blog because many link links on that blog are still point back to this blog. So should I thanks to them?
I use my pizza cutter for many things. I cut quesadillas, sandwiches, pancakes, waffles, spaghetti, you name it. I use it all the time. My latest use for my pizza cutter is to chop herbs. It quickly chops leafy herbs from a coarse chop to a fine chop. I like it better than using a knife because I just cannot seem to do it like they do on TV. They make it look so easy.
- Common Access to Search and Examination Results
some
Yet… as I began to read the e-book, I came upon the following sentence:
It's late, almost midnight, and one of those times where I wish I had a laptop and I could just lie in bed and write instead of getting up and going to my desk. But sitting at my desk feels less like cheating than lying in bed and writing would be. This week I seem to be a virus magnet and today it was a fever. Wednesday it was a sore throat. I have never had so many little colds and flus since I started this job a year ago. I wonder if we have one of those sick buildings?
To replace the caffeine I have set about consuming the world’s supply of lemon and ginger and peppermint tea. But it’s just not the same. This mug of hot yellow stuff is not the place for my chocolate digestive. You can see the crumbs collecting at the bottom, unshielded as they would be by the milky, opaque liquid, it’s incredibly off-putting.
If you’ve read both of these, head into your local bookstore and ask them for any cookbooks relating to seasonal, organic and wholefood cooking. Otherwise, take some of your favourite recipes and think about ways to swap the bad ingredients for the good ones. For example, I switch butter for olive oil (yep, even on toast) and switch regular cheese for goats cheese, or nothing at all.
RPGs are all about communication. D. Vincent Baker, in the RPG Apocalypse World, said “roleplaying is a conversation. You and the other players go back and forth, talking about these fictional characters in their fictional circumstances doing whatever it is that they do.” And that conversation leads to the stories we all love so much. It helps everyone get into the mindset of the characters, to experience this fictional world.
4. Inability to judge between Watchable YouTube Videos and Total Crap YouTube Videos since you worked your way through every sanctioned clip, trailer, and interview relating to the movie and moved on to fan-reenacted videos clearly shot with an iPhone in some bored teenager’s backyard.
And if the Taliban or Muslims in general think that when they die they go to heaven are they not thinking that when they kill the people they are killing will not also be there ?
please pray for zaida, pray that she heals inside and out, pray that the problem with her dad is resolved and that oneday you will read an entry of zaidas positve testimony.
Some of the greatest information I have come across has been from others, who share their lives via social media. People that I follow and read regularly.
I hope that makes sense. And right now, I will say a prayer for the children of Haiti who are lost, and without parents, and hurting. It is too much pain to bear, I believe. I'm glad we have a God who does not turn His face, and who does not treat us as our sins--or our nation's sins--deserve. We have a God who loves and cares, and may He always be our model.
Evie Evie
In the interest of full disclosure we shall now note that Southern Tier is something of a "hometown" beer for us. It's located just outside of Jamestown, New York (home of Lucille Ball, NFL commish Roger Goodell, and the 10,000 Maniacs!), about 30 minutes from where we grew up. Sure, we'd been gone for five years by the time the brewery opened, but it still tastes like home. Or at least like damned fine beer.
If you’re tempted to drop pounds fast with the latest fad diet, it could leave you with less-than-healthy hair — along with a growling stomach. Low-calorie diets are often low in some of the most important nutrients for healthy hair, including omega-3 fatty acids, zinc, and vitamin A. In addition to stunting hair growth and leading to dullness, super-low calorie plans may even cause hair loss.
Meanwhile, the phone kept me hopping. Friends, relatives, Realtors, and assorted other house sale related calls took up a good amount of my time amidst the cooking chores I had set for myself. I started two roasts in the crock-pot, then put the chicken on to cook, and in another pan began searing some meat for stew. By noon, I had the chicken chopped and part of it in a pot of chicken chili, the stew made and in the freezer, and everything ready to make hobo dinners for dinner.
Jodi Picoult and Chris Bohjalian, bestselling authors, also have chickens named for them. Wendy's chickens are egg producers. They will never be eaten. She promises they'll live the good life in rural New Hampshire. Well, they may have to go to school but they won't have to worry about their grades.
With two Halloween layouts done I would normally only have one more to go. But this year I too will need a Halloween layout - I dressed up for the Halloween Chili Cook Off at work. This was my Charlie Chaplin get up! I liked how the costume came out and I love that other than the hat and moustache the costume was put together with things we mostly had at home!
John Lennon
Steve Forbert
11’08 I Wanna Know
My contribution will be online at 2.30pm this afternoon. (I'll add a link when it's posted) Fiona Dunbar and I decided to do something jointly about our new books - Fiona's is called Divine Freaks and it's the first in her new Kitty Slade series about a girl who can see ghosts and who solves mysteries, sometimes with the help of the ghosts and sometimes despite them. I love Kitty, she's feisty, down-to-earth and brave - and I can't wait to read the rest in the series.
* Roller skates, as opposed to blades
In a society rampant with infidelity (ladies, as an experiment, put up a “missed connections” ad on Craigslist and see just how many married men reply), when does our silence become part of the overall problem?
Brendon and Brenna went to bed around 11pm and I was going to join them after getting a few things done around the house but my body had other plans. As soon as I lay down in bed I had a contraction that was a lot stronger then I had been dealing with and decided right then and there that I was probably not going to sleep that night. I was right. Every time I tried to lie down, or even sit, it would make my contractions ten times stronger. I spent all night pacing the house, cleaning and timing contractions. It was rather peaceful spending that time alone and I really enjoyed it. I snacked and listened to my music playlist I had put together a few days before as well as some Hypnobabies tracks. When Brendon woke up at 7am he was surprised that I had been up all night and decided to call off work that day.
I've seen a lot of gradient colored fondant cakes recently, and they are so pretty! Making one of those is on my eventual "to do" list, but for today, I borrowed the idea for the green fondant in Tink's skirt. I used three shades, though I think a really beautiful gradient cake should have four or five shades. Next time! (The bottom tier looks white because of the lighting, but it's actually light green.)
I have been so busy this past week with my outdoor project aka garden/back yard that I only found very little time to create and I must say I was also too drained in the evenings to sit down and try to create but I am really happy so far with how much I have gotten done and I thought I would share my success.
I got this jacket as part of the H&M Conscious Collection which came out in May. I've worn it so much it's still a bit dirty around the edges. They were so gracious to send me to Coachella, dress me in head-to-toe H&M, and provide me with my very own driver, Moe. I'll never forget it.
Today I had the luck of spotting a HUGE Back to School sale at Things From Another World with many comics at 60% off, so I was able to get seven books for just $45.00 (plus free shipping to boot!) If you like comic books, I recommend you check it out while it lasts.
That fucking garden..... I gave up on this planting. The only thing that sprouted in any edible quantity was the radishes and the starters that I bought are doing great. Matter of fact I had to take a tomato plant out of my patch 'cause them motherfuckers flat out exploded and there wasn't any air circulation in the middle of the patch. I didn't want to nurture those tomatoes only to have them mold up on me.
But before this turns into an episode of What's Davin Eating, I should move away from the subject of cupcakes and announce quite clearly that what I'm really thinking about is how I have more ideas for novels than I will ever have time to write.
Smaller differences
A beyond pissed off Canada.
"for the information transmitted" as per Article 12 of the Directive is a carefully delineated and limited concept. As regards copyright material, this language broadly contemplates a scenario in which a person other than the ISP has unlawfully placed the material in the public domain or has unlawfully downloaded such material, and a question then arises whether the ISP, putatively a mere conduit for the transmission of the information, also incurs a legal liability in respect of the infringement. That liability could take the form of a fine (in criminal or regulatory proceedings) or damages or other compensation payable to the copyright owner, or some form of injunctive relief. The liability could be joint and several with the other person, or it could simply be a default liability if the other person could not be found, or was not worth pursuing, or was insolvent.
1050D ballistic nylon makes this case extremely lightweight and durable
I sent the mom an email a while back and told her she was one of the meanest people I'd ever met. A mutual acquaintance had suggested it was a shame that I said that, but it is truly how I felt. Her actions are ones of cruelty, stemming from pain, I get that, but does being in pain yourself ever excuse cruelty towards others? I guess, for me, I can't look at my actions and see that I'm hurting people and casually go about it anyway. That is the heart of self righteousness and a person can't truly heal from any kind of pain while being that way and behaving in ways that hurt others, especially if their actions are intentional. That doesn't even begin to dig into what this mother is doing to her very own daughter, that was just about her daughter's best friend. What she's doing to her own daughter is much much worse and could potentially destroy any chance she has of ever having a relationship with her. It's tragic that the one person this woman cares about, her whole world, is her daughter, yet she's driving a big wedge in between them, so much so, that her daughter is looking to manipulate her instead of getting what she wants by being honest and forthright.
For the next three hours, we watched movies together, intermittently napping, and sipping on drinks. It was relaxing and pleasant and nice to spend time alone together, and to feed my boy the vegetable soup he was served.
Anyway, Gyles Brandreth has been an obsessive diary writer since the age of 11, and when I heard he was releasing a book containing the best bits of a 50 year period (1950 - 2000) I was keen to pick it up. It's a huge book, and at 700+ pages this will no doubt take me years to get through, but that doesn't bother me (well, maybe it does a bit!). I'm still wading through the school years at present, and whilst entertaining, I must admit I am secretly desperate for him to hurry up and get famous, so that I can get stuck in to some of the much promised anecdotes and juicy tittle-tattle from his celebrity encounters!
I was a happy mommy when Kyan and Lola decided to bunk up together and watch a movie/fall asleep! Last week they were in Lola's room and this week it seems like Kyan's room is where it's at! Their closeness makes my heart full.
By Phone
Eugene had organized this rim to rim to rim run with several others from an online forum for crazed folks with a sport for suffering. I had been excited and nervous about taking on such an adventure but knew I had time to condition myself for the run. That is until a hamstring injury flared up a couple weeks before I moved into the van and out on the road. This injury healed after a few weeks, in time to enjoy the running around Bishop, CA. And enjoy them I did until the same injury reoccurred seven miles into a ten mile run. This time stretching, walking and slow jogging would not quell the injury. I walked back to the van in the wind and cold of the desert evening wondering what was wrong, how I could heal this injury and still run the canyon.
I'm smiled at understood
Download!
**UPDATE** I had to share the great idea that a wonderful woman left as a comment (I don't have your name, let me know so I can give you credit :) ). Here is what she said:
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change; happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up. ~ Charles L. Morgan
The Watts Prophets were a group of poets and musicians based in Watts, Los Angeles in the late 1960s. Much like their beatnik contemporaries they combined poetry and jazz music to create the incredible soundtrack to a cultural revolution, the main thing that separated the Watts Prophets from the Greenwich Village and Venice West beats was that they were heavily political and their strong militant beliefs were never held back, remaining at the forefront of their work much like their often-compared contemporaries The Lost Poets. Combine this lyrical content, staggering razor tongued and rapid-fire spoken word with their musical ability.. it provided the perfect soundtrack to the burgeoning civil rights movement and is still relevant and revelatory to this day.
We did a little recce around the town of Saltburn by the Sea yesterday, taking some photos and getting a better sense of this small Victorian era resort town. We intend to start an opera workshop here next year and David was concerned that he be able to advise future participants about the pubs :) Of course we're also researching possibilities for the interior of the 1:12 scale pub we're going to build!
I had a little New Year's resolution, the same one that so many of us have each year. I wanted to lose some weight. I'd been trying rather unsuccessfully for months and it was yet another thing that I was sad and upset about. It's rather obvious to me now that I had been thinking about Dd again and what our next steps might be. Aside from the odd swats when I really frustrated him, we hadn't talked about or acted on it in years. In merely days since our above conversation my husband had become attentive again, but he was still very passive/aggressive and I was still very controlling. The push and pull for power on a daily basis was just ridiculous. I almost always won...and it made me miserable.
My stepfather was a good example of the 'split soul theory.' In the house, amongst 'civilization' he basically never spoke to me - no communication or sharing at all, except when I did something wrong of course. In nature, he was a different person - a completely different person. Although his 'teaching' methods were a bit 'unconventional' - he taught me a lot and I had no choice, but to learn hard and fast. This was always the way in Africa - no time to fool around. I think in Nature - his soul had time to catch up with his body.
“Oz Vessalius, heir to one of the duke houses, has just turned fifteen. His life is rich and carefree, darkened only by the constant absence of his father. At his coming-of-age ceremony, however, everything changes. For no reason that he can discern, he’s cast into the prison known as the “Abyss”, only to be saved by a “chain” known as Alice, the bloodstained black rabbit. It is unknown why was he cast into Abyss, how does Alice factor into it all, and what does the organization known as “Pandora” want with him.” – Anime News Network
When you do a lot of things and your boss does not appreciate you, do you feel bad? But your boss is treating you exactly how you treat yourself. You are a person who does so many things all at once sitting on a place and yet you don’t appreciate yourself? Now that’s really bad of you.
We have, today, begin the process of selling off what little ability we have to keep ourselves independent in the energy game to the french
We are not connected to a place. By that, I mean we don't have to be in a certain physical location to take part in things like watching movies, listening to music, etc. We can do it anywhere and with almost any device (assuming it is electronic).
When I first saw you, I called you “that beautiful boy in the picture taped to Sam’s wall.” And you were beautiful, even back then, with your whole curly head peroxide blond and your arms wrapped around the shoulders of Sam and some other girl I didn’t know. The first time I saw you in person, walking the hallways of Armwood High School, a little light went off in my head and my heart leapt into my throat and I thought, “That’s him!” You were even more fantastically good-looking in person, and you were tall and thin as a rail. And you smiled and you turned to your best friend walking next to you and you said something. I found out that day that I would call you Caleb, and I found out years later that day was when you told your friend that you were going to marry me.
That soothes my awesome soul
“Dress very poorly.”
We have 13 different types of cheese in our fridge.
Today's main task was to deliver a stack of my books to the Luna, an inflatable pod thing in the Market Terrace. It was a slightly surreal experience to see copies of it alongside other books, but hopefully people browsing the stall will be sufficiently intrigued to pick up a copy.
TAKE HEART PEOPLE!!
The clocks changing has changed my experience slightly this week. Regardless, the program works really well.
We finally got in to see the doctor, and he said that it was our fault that Jake was having problems. (Said in a round about way). See, we should have been coming once a month to get check ups on the meds. Really? I didn't know that. How was I supposed to know this... Well, I know this now. I'll let that one slide.
We request you to contact our Wirelss and Talk Technical Support on 0844 873 8586 options 1,5,4,1 who will be able to perform a line test on your line as all diagnostic steps have been done, the timings are 8am to 11pm, 7 days a week and the calls are charged at 5p per minute flat rate
Attention all CAD users. Be you staff, students, placement students, graduates, employed or not employed, working in a local design related industry – it doesn’t matter, if you are interested in CAD then get in touch with Des Covill (d.covill@brighton.ac.uk).
I care to hear it zero times, in case you’re wondering.
- I went from “you won’t sleep on the bed, ever”. to ”she can sleep on the bed ONCE in awhile”, to “it’s bedtime Dinah” (and tossing you on the foot of the bed);
Opinion dished: Tiberian Sun was the best Sci-fi movie you never saw (played).
“Oh my God, the shelling has started and look—smoke is covering no-man’s land, and I can see the enemy cutting through the rolls of barbed wire between us and them!
Then Jackson is enlisted to help capture the lead suspect in a murder— a man who happens to be Sarah’s most ardent suitor. Jack must continue the deception, and weathering this newest and gravest betrayal will be Sarah’s ultimate test. But as Jack’s passion for her grows, he must also reveal his own secrets. And as the killer turns his attention to his pursuers, more than love and trust is put at risk.
Those not able to make it out to Manhattan are planning on raiding the West Loop here in Chicago. Should we make the joke? OK... Alright... Since you REALLY want to hear it... Monique Meloche is offering a BUY ONE, GET TWO FREE deal on all the work from Rashid Johnson's latest show.
Really, Maxim? Seriously? The blogger who wrote the article says, “Just imagining the slippery, sloppy butter-sex we’d have with Paula makes us…hungry for a bacon-wrapped, beer batter-fried stick of butter, weirdly.”
This first time out, though, the comedic device of people sitting on pigs is the source of linking material. Frankly, I think it's poorly played the first time (not well-performed by Graham Chapman, also some poorly synced sound), though later on in the episode it's quite funny. Maybe it's the repetition. The idea of repetition being a simple gag for humor would be taken to its most bizarre next season, but that's...well...next season.
Organic milk has been found to contain up to 70% more Omega-3 oils than ordinary milk; helping the brain to function at optimal efficiency.
Reading over this post, I think I’ve been rambling for about the past three paragraphs, so I’m just going to stop here…
She walks away with her head held high
Another one of my favorite quick chants for getting kids quiet for the hallway is:
Scripture reveals what he was before he was saved, but that is not the main point of the account.
Then get in touch with us ASAP!
“Bye, bye, Blackbird” was written by an American in 1926. I’ve heard on the Wiki-vine that it wasn’t really about a blackbird, but a prostitute planning to pack up the game, go back home to Mother:
Our sponsor this week is:
Mine will remain a mystery while yours a fairy tale
Larger businesses and organizations and celebrities have public relations departments or agents who are responsible for getting word out to the media. Most of us can't afford this, but that doesn't mean we aren't newsworthy.
Sign up for my Email Feed (2 Entries)
Well, if you don't know, how on earth can I help you? What's your job? What are the job offers? Do you have to move? Would you make more money? Would you have more time or less time for your family life? Is where you work now a horrible sinful place where you are surrounded by evil? Are your co-workers dragging you into a life of sin? Are you put upon so much so that you feel used and abused? Is there health insurance?
Now to ever not so merry England.
Fortunately the concept of engineering has changed a good deal according for the heavier built boats of yesteryear. Today’s boats are lighter, faster, and stronger than we have now ever seen before. Fat this needs more active tactics on the crews behalf.
I am able. (II Corinthians 9:8)
FACTOID: Jeremy Renner was originally set to voice a role but had to bow out because of his busy schedule.
Let our hearts be united in fellowship strong.
There were many more wonderful moments during the conference but this post is already way too long and I don't want to bore all of you anymore. All I can say is that if you haven't gone to an SCBWI annual conference yet, don't miss it. It will be an experience that you'll never forget.
I've just started couponing, but this small victory makes me want to keep going and going!!
Church number 2 is a church that I already know two families at from our homeschool group. My issues with this church are smaller. The first being they are currently without a pastor, not that a pastor makes a church, but he can make a difference in a church. The other issue is more that my husband doesn't love this church. I could probably settle here if he felt comfortable.
So, here I was, scanning the headlines from around the globe, as is my wont after a long day. Suddenly, I got this overwhelming feeling that the Revolution has begun.
As numbers of visitors visit this beautiful place every year, there are different kinds of hotels in Himachal which can accommodate a large of tourists of different kinds and status. In order to avoid any type of inconvenience, you can easily book your hotel through online. Hotels in Himachal offer a great service to their visitors. Most of the hotels in Himachal are located at a nice place and have neat and clean room. These hotels of Himachal offer their best services to the tourists as the staffs of these hotels are well mannered and the hotels are also equipped with maximum modern amenities required by the tourists. Tourists also enjoy mouth water dishes of Himachal in the restaurant of these hotels.
may goyts moss 7m tbc
Magenta top: Banana Republic. Black wrap skirt and jacket: tailor made. Red obi belt with nautical clasp: Mango. Lace black tank top: unbranded. Gold shoes: Voir (Malaysia). Red earrings: old. Bangles: from Shanghai. Black necklace: vintage, used to be Mom's. Brown suede purse: Nordstrom (USA).
Why Subic Bay?
Today’s topic of discussion: Bratty Learned-Helplessness Entitlement Children
"In my hand, with one out that I can use as a weapon if I need to." They nod together, as if this is the only answer.
And to a man,
KADAI VEGETABLES
‘Goodnight you Princes of Maine, you Kings of New England.’ Answer: The Cider House Rules. This was a great movie, but those of you who love to read (like me) should read the book before seeing it. What makes the book better is there is another part to the story that continues past where the movie ends, and that’s what makes it better. Starring Tobey Maguire (not only cute, but a good actor), Michael Caine (won Oscar for Best Supporting Actor), and Charlize Theron
Association: The line ‘If I bought her flowers, maybe we’d go skinny dipping in the hot tub like we used to. I’d pick leaves out of her hair when they fell from the apple tree.’ From Room 669.
Here, the criminal is king. The streets are filled with the screeching of fish hags, the cries of swindled merchants, the inviting murmurs of working girls. Here, people can disappear, and the lacklustre efforts of the guard ensure they are never found.
Pushing children is so inherent in the south Asian culture that many migrants also adopt the approach.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to lovely Lauren's Fill in the blank Friday.. Lauren owns The Little Things We Do and she's doing an amazing job out there! you should really go check out her blog and even join this crazy chain.. i'm sure it's gonna be real fun!!
Without wanting to.
there was one whole five minute pose.
Thursday, May 10
Oh, and can I just quickly add that, at the end, where everything happens off-screen… (off-text, off-scene? How would you put it?) and is settled through letters and rumors and the presence of a magical omniscient narrator who tells us rather than shows us what happens to all the character, all seems like a sort-of cop-out? It all just works itself out so that Fanny and Edmund end up together.
Driven, beautiful Alexis Sinclair lives her life to the fullest, following her dreams of running a big company. But when her world is torn apart by a storm, everything she has ever known disappears. Now, marooned on an island with a group of men, Alexis must learn to live in a world made up of simple things. Letting go of every known convenience, she realizes how insignificant her life has become. Filled with unrequited love for her rescuer she must battle the demons buried deep inside and she must look within herself and to her faith to find the strength needed to survive. Strong and influential, Jacob Peterson, has done all he can to survive. When the fate turned its tables on him, he learned to cope with the inevitable. Plagued by his past and secrets buried there, Jacob exerts a rigid control, refusing to succumb to the joys, and torturous pain, of strong emotions. Without considering love-a gift he may never receive, he believes--he chooses to live by strict set of rules. But when a strange beautiful woman washes up on his beach, the walls that he has put up long ago begin to crumble. Is she a punishment sent from God to torment his weary soul? Or is she a gift, sent from above, there to teach him how to trust? Who is this woman? And how will he stop himself from losing his heart? Will he learn to forgive the past in order to save the woman he loves?
When I was a student at Ohio Northern University, I lived on the west end of a large open space on campus. I could see the sunrise (or a moment or two after, because of buildings and trees in the distance). I once had a horrific dream where I saw the sun rise, on which was emblazoned a black swastika. In the midst of the Red menace when I went there, that would have seemed ridiculous; but it convinced me then that Fascism would be a greater threat to this country than Communism ever was.
When we finally got checked in we got on line to check times of the places we wanted to visit.
Of course, then I get really happy when someone said hi to me. I can jump the entire spectrum of emotions in scant minutes, and then it’s usually to the other side of the pendulum, which contains something else entirely.
9. Include as many details about everything as possible. Readers don’t like to use their imaginations.
Studio: E1 Entertainment
1 de
So spread the word- Lily is giving away the motherload of prizes, and all you have to do to enter to win is give to at least $10 to Peter.
I love the High School Sex Ed class where the Instructor is actually demonstrating live Sex (with his wife) to the students but all the students are bored silly and are not paying attention and are looking out the window etc……that is classic stuff!
I also treasure my sweet, true friends.
MM: Apart from the U.S. Hardcore phenomenon (the ’80s version of a Folk revival, in my opinion) and some interesting rumblings from the world Underground, that decade appears today as a musical wasteland. Two questions: What happened to the promise of Punk, and is there anything of merit to come out of the 1980s that still resonates?
Off to have some breakfast and hope my coffee will work and make me sane, then to scrub some more roofing sheets :(.
BLACK FLY (above right)
A short article by the National Association of Social Workers (2004) explains the criteria needed for an effective news feature. The guide suggests initially writing out one sentence of the topic you have chosen. Being concise is important as it could be easy to stray from your specific topic, especially as you begin to discover more exciting information. It also suggests that you listen to and read as many news features about your topic as you can, trying to find an angle which has not been explored. To differentiate yourself work from countless other pieces on the same topic, chose an angle which is unique. The Long Island Serial Killer has been dominating the news stories since 2010 when the first of 10 subsequent bodies was discovered in Long Island, New York. Over time the news outlets were overflowing with news features about the profiles of the murder victims (mostly female, mostly prostitutes) and the aspect of the internet in the murders (it is suggested that the Long Island Serial Killer used the website Craigslist to arrange meetings with many of him victims.) However, one news feature stood out. IBTimes New York published a news feature in 2011, consulting the criminal profiler Dr. Mary Ellen O’Toole. The feature explored the mind of the serial killer. O’Toole gave her opinion about his habits, his age and his demeanour, suggesting that he has a natural ability to fit into a crowd and that he is probably well-spoken and well-dressed. The thought of a serial killer being unrecognisable in a crowd is a chilling thought and so the news feature did more to extend the knowledge of the crimes by divulging the psychological profile of the serial killer.
Whitney Mercilus, DE/LB, Illinois
Urine that will be taken orally should never be heated or boiled. On the other hand, some advocates suggest that boiled urine is best for massage purposes. Boiling should be done in a stainless steel pot.
08. Izabella - inst. short jam
I get why a crime might be bigger news. But the gap in attention is way out of whack.
You’ve been warned.
I have started my version of the pattern.
It was the longest night of my life. By 9pm I was faking yawns and commenting on how tired I was and how I really ought to have an early night. He didn't seem to want to prolong the evening either and we were soon heading home.
Because Iran controls second largest reserves of Oil, therefore, the world – the US mainly – wants to control Iran! And this is no hypothesis. Otherwise, why will the world – the US – have duplicity in its diplomacy while dealing with various nations, many of them rouge and much more fundamentalists than Iran; nuclear arsenals is just one of the excuse to gain so-called legitimate access to Iran’s vast Oil reserves!
The Motorcycle for those who still need the big power on this island where the maximum speed limit is 35 mph. They are very eye catching and always have an appeal to many people. Whether it's a Harley chopper or a "crotch rocket" Japanese bike, they are very appealing to many observers on the street. Duval Street is the primary place to see or be seen on your classy motorcycle, it offers a place where everyone interested can get together for good conversation about their favorite subject.
Ships that pass in the dead of night,
That said, we have a couple of announcements to make...
- 1 piece of Taiwanese noodle
Present them-selves on the mottled shore.
Wheat beer pours oange and smooth from the bottle to the plastic cup. Serious head on this one but a regular beer smell (if there is such a thing). The head is a little lacy. Some sweetness in the smell if I really try. Not bad. Medium-full body with hints of orange. I'm not a fan of the 60 second bitter aftertaste this one has. Though it has medium hops. I now step outside the hotel room. The hops makes it a slightly different experience for a wheat beer, and I can dig it. It definetly refreshes one at 95 degree heat. It still feels smooth, though no new flavors are coming out, save MAYBE a slight spiciness.
become a cherished old friend.
This Concert is a non-profit event, which we from Wonder Of Arts – The Online Magazine & our partners from DYNAM!TE N!TE & ARTIS Connection launched in February 2012 in Germany. We hope and pray that this type of event will mark this industry with true and honest talents from all around the world.
Here is my spice cupboard before:
SEE! Off-camera crew members throw real actual tomatoes at moving vehicles!
Overall, I am SO FUCKING SCARED. And I can't seem to stop crying. I want Little Life to make it into a real, live, healthy baby in October. And to even consider that it's all over........
The trail eventually exits the canyon and climbs steeply to a bench overlooking the Bosque — at the time it occurred to me what a marvelous spot this would be for sunset photography. But that would mean slogging back up through the sandy approach and climbing to the bench once again.
British Labour party leader has some balls after all
57. Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
I love using technology in the classroom and I know my students appreciate it too! Every time I turn on my Smart Board, I can see their little faces light up! They get so excited to see what new website I have to share with them or what games we will be playing.
I've since learned that this is normally how true disagreements play out between writers and editors. Sometimes you go backwards and forwards about things, and sometimes the author changes their mind and sometimes the editor does, but you can nearly always work it out. As a writer, if you've demonstrated the willingness to work hard to produce the best possible work, and if you've got the courage to argue your case both intelligently and with passion, you will get a lot of respect from your editor when it comes to the changes you're willing to make.
Life is an adventure, dare it.
It was at this point that the miracle of the game occurred, the last Man o War was in melee range with Vlad so he went for it, there was practically no chance of hitting the warcaster but it was worth a try. The dice were rolled and produced the only result that could actually hit Vlad…… Double Six…..
Jolie wasn’t like the other students she went to school with. She was more practical and responsible. She was twenty years-old but she lived more like a thirty-five-year-old woman. She went to class on time and paid attention. She was an excellent student, but her grades in high school had only been good enough to earn her a partial scholarship. Her assignments were done on time and often days before they were actually due. The other students did not like her because she always set the curve in class for tests. Jolie did not let that bother her, because unlike most of them she was there to learn—not to make friends. Her goal was to become a high school biology teacher. Then she could teach at her old high school and move in with her grandmother. She would have enough money for the two of them to live off of and she could repay the old lady back for raising her when her parents died. Maman Nettie and Papa George didn’t bat an eyelash when she needed a place to live. They took her in without question or complaint. She hoped she was a strong enough person to do the same for her grandmother in her old age.
yet still I'm a cyborg just like you,
(Click on next 3 links for the Sun's own account of events in its weekly blog for the paper's story on its mobisite on how the girl was found.)
Inside, you can see the prongs on the bottom and the metal flaps for holding the roll film in place. These do not come out. They have little welded bits holding them in. The big screw for the tripod mount does not come off either.
Still, our stuff is stuck in a container in South Africa, the Mexican government refuses to officially acknowledge that they'd like for us to stay longer, leaving us to live in a vacation rental apartment, out of our suitcases, without a car, without a local bank account (leaving my Danish Visa-card soon closed and screaming for mercy), without a cellular subscription, and without anywhere to properly call home. Although we already are, referring to Mexico City as home, like we never left in the first place.
With the above in mind, my topic this month is Beer Redemption.I am not afraid to say that I am not a fan of Magic Hat. Pre-sell out, post-sell out, whatever. I have told this to bartenders, friends, random people and even their sales rep. Some of their beer to me, just isn't very good. Some of it is downright awful. Sure it isn't a disgusting macro light lager, but #9 isn't a beer that I order at the bar.
Maybe we were gasping and pointing at the same time.
Tuesday: meeting chaired by Martin Horwood MP to launch Christian Aid's report The Scandal of Inequality in Latin America and the Caribbean, which has a chapter on Peru. Growth has been vigorous, but concentrated in the extractive industries, which don't create proportionate employment for the poor, or generate proportionate services that benefit the whole population.
Mainly the black girls who do gyaru and ulzzang but look like dolls imo :3
TNG Visual Effects excels in assisting productions whose needs require digital assets that can be used anywhere from movie trailers, to video game cinematics, to music videos. We also specialize in creating digital assets that can be viewed on multiple platforms.
FG=1.009@74F
As mentioned in the last Post for Savatage – Dead Winter Dead, the band, under the guidance of producer Paul O’Neill morphed into Trans-Siberian Orchestra. I say morphed because they didn’t change their name, Savatage released other albums later on, and TSO was not only Savatage although they remain the entities key players:
These aren't workers in a smelting plant, McDonald's. I have about as much sympathy for a chick with a desk by the window as I do for people who complain that their dick is too big.
Eubanks
And that's a problem a single board meeting could solve.
Lastly, readership of Travalanche has doubled and then quadrupled in recent months. These wise, discriminating people know where to go for forceful, literate, comical (and honest-to-a-fault) theatre, film and book reviews, articles about famous vaudevillians, and a cornucopia of surprises delivered daily. Don’t be caught napping. Be sure to subscribe though an RSS feed to get the content shipped right to your electronic door. . Don’t miss out!
Why is it that when I see you, laughter comes out first?
I have my favorite saints that I look to for ways of overcoming my faults and weaknesses. As I have noted before, #Catholic traditions allows us to look to the saints to pray for us not unlike sitting in a cemetery talking to you deceased relative.
The Supreme Constitutional Court
Hold it together — using whatever means necessary (yoga, prayer, Xanax, martinis) — and your calm, grace and class will always elicit much more help, kindness and action from others around you than hand-flapping and hysteria.
Her mom brought 3 sets of change and we set out to
We drove to Ford Island and visited the Pacific Air Museum. Next to the large hanger is the still-standing air traffic control tower that survived the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Scaffolding is all around the tower with workers restoring this historical building. Admission was $12 with a military discount. Two hangers contained aircraft such as the P40, Japanese Zero, B25, SBD, F4F, and N3N (yes, I had Tony give me the info, as I recognized just a few of them). There’s a small cafeteria where we had lunch. I had the mahi mahi sand which and decided this fish is not one of my favorites. Should have gotten a cheeseburger like Tony did. When we first arrived to the place we could smell something delicious. Well, it wasn’t this place but at a building across the street. We didn’t discover this until we were leaving. So, for those of you out there, go across the street to eat!
Monstrous Beauty by Elizabeth Fama
Here’s how bad it is. I was standing in line today waiting to take a tour of the Rose Garden at the White House (That’s a separate post to come later), and a girl walked by in a T-shirt that said: “I only kiss Red Sox fans.”
4. Thee Headcoats - Punk Rock Ist Nicht Tot
The Brooklyn Historical Society was founded in 1863. The museum has many exhibits. It has an exhibit just for veterans from the Vietnam War, an exhibit just for the work of high school students and many more exhibits.
They continued further south until they were about one-hundred yards from the train station and about fifty yards from the two churches across the street from each other. Chris steered Ann to their right, the side of the street opposite the ominous Presbyterian church where suspicious men were in front of earlier that night.
Spin chair!
I think what hurts the most in this journey of hoping and helping my kiddo’s heal is EXPECTATIONS. Expectations people, family members, community put on them to “hurry up and get better”, “Get over it”, “Change”, “adapt”, “Heal”…and my personal favorite “be normal”.
"For people who have iPhones who are there for the early session, there's going to be some very special VIP privileges they will be able to get, using their iPhones," Brian says.
In the top 25 American Beers List, Live Oak HefeWeizen took the ten spot, and Saint Arnold's took #25 with it's Divine Reserve #5.
interest in warm and caring interpersonal relationships.” I found a
You’re there to share your interests and hobbies, and to be fascinated by theirs.
Carte Postale $12.00 (missing little merci stamp)
Assuming that Obama and whomever is the Republican nominee can hold the states that lean towards their respective parties, and assuming Marco Rubio is the Republican VP candidate and that Rubio plus the convention being held in Florida delivers the Sunshine State and its 29 electoral votes to the GOP (elevating the "R" total at 210):
7.) Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar coating, let sit for a few minutes, shake off extra coating back into bowl
I recommend it for: Anyone who loves history, and feeling like they’re on a journey; AND/OR Someone who only has short times for reading because of the vignette format.
Intrigued by Ronald Hutton’s assertion that “Wicca” (meaning the wiseones) is the first all British religion given to the world, I approached his book The Triumph of the Moon as my first serious study of Wicca and Witchcraft with an objective attitude and without any preconceived perspectives on the matter. As anyone who has read any Hutton will already know, his books are academic, copiously referenced and invariably not a light read.
the TV promos. My chest gets tight and the smell of alcohol and Betadine and
Are you telling me the news, that once employed journalists, may have over dramatized the situation before they had all the facts?
INDIANAPOLIS, Indiana — US authorities have seized a record $4.8 million in fake Super Bowl souvenirs and tickets and shut down 669 websites, most from China, aimed at duping consumers with counterfeit items. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement …
After thanking them and wishing them good-bye, I went into the recovery room with the 5-year-old boy and waited for him to wake up. He was sleeping so soundly, and his previously ashen face was now peachy with rosy cheeks. He looked wonderful. I laid down on the sofa next to his bed and fell asleep for a few minutes until the nurse returned and said she needed to give him a shot of antibiotics. The act of pulling down his underwear brought him out of his sleep, and he began to whimper and cried when he got his shot, but quickly quieted when the nurse turned on a TV high in the corner of the room, flipped the channel to a cartoon, and gave the 5-year-old boy the remote. He would later tell his sister that this was his favorite part of being in the hospital. We don't have TV.
Put the nockerli back in the now-drained pan off the heat, and add the walnut-size lump of butter. Stir while the butter melts, then add a little salt and black pepper to taste.
When you allow another to get close to you there is an etheric thread of light attached from them to you. Ask Archangel Michael to wave his mighty sword of light and cut the cords that bind you to the past, to lower frequencies, past relationships and thoughts that no longer serve you. This can help you break an undesired cycle that you now feel it is time to get out of. You have the gift and it is time to move on.
The Indians on SportsTime Ohio show up at 34th (ratings) and 41st (households) on the list - with a rating of 2.84 and 43,000 households.
Because I pay someone to do it for me.
I’m definitely not crying wolf here. While I don’t know exactly when rates will begin their rise again, I’m very comfortable in saying that it is when, and not if, which applies to that event.
The San Antonio Riverwalk is a blast! If you haven’t visited, you should definitely try it out. Such an exciting atmosphere…you can FEEL it in the air!
The first episode of DWTS Season 14 kicked off rather impressively last night!
Oh! I almost forgot to mention when we were in Cairns, my aunt got a rental car for us… now don’t forget that they drive on the other side of the road here… luckily my aunt had driven in Europe before so she had some experience…. We only hit a few curbs and went in the wrong lane once despite the windshield wipers going off instead of the blinker most of the time. But we survived! So a shout out to my aunt for that one!
8. Like Someone In Love
The Japanese garden is a miniature representation of a picturesque world. Techniques used vary and designers often play with proportion to create the illusion of depth, and utilize smaller scale items such as rocks and water features as symbols of land and sea. Items outside the garden such as temples or rolling hills are incorporated into the landscape to make the spaces seem much more expansive. Balance is also incredibly important, but not necessarily symmetry. The spaces and pathways are meant to be soothing and welcoming to its visitors; but also provoke moments of curiosity by concealing elements from certain angles, encouraging further exploration.
If the reforms at the USCCB and the CCHD are truly authentic, we’ll know in a year or two (or four). But for now, the wolves are still guarding the hen house.
Eric D. Butler in "Releasing Reality: Social Credit & the Kingdom of God." 1979.
Though from an affluent family, Leonard never let it go to his head and took it upon himself to try all the flavor that life had to offer. It was only when he returned to California in the mid Eighties that his life took an unusual turn - or at least as unusual a turn as a half-man, half-centipede could experience in his lifetime.
xo.
Yesterday I posted a great giveaway from Novica.com. On 2/23 one lucky reader of this blog will be randomly selected to receive a $50 gift certificate to this terrific online shop. (If you haven't entered the random drawing yet, after this post click back a day for details).
The roots of modern stroke care cannot be isolated to one cause; however, the development of computed tomography (CT) in the 1970s was certainly of fundamental importance. The technique produces a three-dimensional image of the inside of an object from two-dimensional X-ray images.
Well, stop here first. This is Iowa Moms's online store. This website has everything! Including: home decor, art, baskets, baby items, kitchen items, and so much more--you name it it's all there! It is like going to a huge craft show and never having to leave home! So, as the weather gets cold and the stores get crowded, relax with a hot cup of cocoa and do some of your shopping from the comfort of your computer.
I've found many great blogs through their Giveaway events and had the chance to enter to win some awesome prizes (no wins yet... maybe this year?)
Crepes with fruit: USE ATLEAST TWO BUTTONS
She threw her hands up in frustration. “Fine. You are the stubbornest person in the entire world,” she yelled as she stomped out of the wagon, slamming the door behind her. “Just see if I come to yours!!”
i had the honor of working with the LOVELY AND TALENTED JENNA USHKOWITZ of GLEE :)
Cameron just finished up his first year as a Cubbie at Awana Club! I honestly wasn't so sure we'd make it until the end because he got pretty sad when I left him for the first few weeks (back in August). After the first month, it was smooth sailing and he couldn't wait to see his friends and teachers each Sunday!
Personally I believe, as an individual and a person with a logically thinking brain of my own, I wish to make all the decisions for myself that I can, and not have someone else make decisions about my life and how I should live it, and that means especially without my knowledge!!!
Quoting from the Sadducee’s accepted Scriptures, the Pentateuch, Jesus takes Exodus 3:6 to show how the resurrection fulfils God’s covenant promises to his people. He is the redeeming God of the living Patriarchs. The context in Exodus is God’s saving action and covenant faithfulness to his chosen people.
Photographer Cindy Sherman is an example of a postmodern artist in that her self-portraits capture her dressed in the role of another person but are not really about her or any other real person. They embody a critique of culture and ask the viewer to consider practices of looking, agency, and female identity.
There is a Benson in this picture somewhere! He was on the move, trying to get to the tractor! And what happens next is this little guy climbs into the tractor all by himself and starts drinking out of his dads mug of pop!
Now that the Komen 3 Day is over for the year, I'm experiencing many emotions that I wasn't prepared for. I was so exhilarated while I was walking. I felt on top of the world; like I could do anything I set my mind (and feet to). I felt as if I couldn't be stopped.
3.Again marinate chicken with garlic paste,3/4 part of chilli paste and keep in refrigerator for 25min.
Ages ago I wrote how disappointed, angry and upset I was with Bradford, particularly the council (see Bradford – A Rudderless Ship Stuck in a Mire of Bad Publicity). A Joseph Rowntree Foundation report had just lambasted Bradford… particularly the council. The council’s response was uninspiring tosh, basically blaming the researchers for researching and publishing their findings. Crap! But I did what too many of us do, be we British, English or, especially, Bradfordian: I moaned. Did I have a right to? Yes. Did I offer solutions? Modestly, if at all. Well, I hope this might redress the balance, and it’s my fervent hope that you’ll go away after reading this post and do something, no matter how small, to support Bradford and the Bradfordians who are supporting our city. I want you to cheer for the mutineers, the pirates, who have taken over the ship and are turning it against the tide and towards a bright and sunny island.
Make sure to leave enough room between the velcro for the binki and clip to fit.
so I hurriedly shot some pictures of my garden
I had a few brand conversations, too. I have to be honest, though. I'm not one for deep engagement with brands on the expo floor. Perhaps this is largely because I don't imagine deep relationships with most of the brands.
I am now in week 9 of my half marathon training. I intended to write weekly recaps, but fell through after week 4. While I smashed my milestones or tune up races, I fell short in sticking to some of the planned sessions. I missed many easy runs, and I have had to skip one or two long runs. What were my excuses? Well, firstly, uni started this week, and the new routine and the load that came with it just overwhelmed me and threw me off my plan. The previous week hubby was away for work, so that didn’t help either.
As I browse the web I have found a few bloggers with what I consider real talent - they hold my attention, make me laugh, cry, or sometimes even get angry. They write about things they like…their faith, their families, their thoughts and feelings. Most have never been published, and probably never will. But each day they offer their words to the world for free, and I think that is pretty doggone awesome. So today I will finish by writing about what I like - blogs. Your blogs. You inspire me, amuse me, and make me think. Pat yourself on the back. Because we can't. We aren't anywhere near you. Of course, you are probably okay with that.
As the rally wound down, Hunley-Adossa announced the presence of several other CBA signatories, though some, such as the Rev. Herbert Daughtry, were missing. Markowitz and other elected officials were long gone.
Though it is curious from the above figures how the subsidy payments dropped in 2009 by about N200b only to rise by the same quantum in 2010, this is inconsequential compared with the humongous bill of 2011.
Bourne’s version, equipped with a different and often more powerful medium in theater and dance, reveals the scenes of Kim’s memory for what they actually are, taking Burton’s beautiful sets a step further into the use of veils. Bourne’s set has the feel of memory, allowing some recollections depth and other mere surface. The world is more distant, firmly in the late fifties and early sixties complete with Jackie O clothing and Leave it to Beaver charm. The veils, literally hanging from the ceiling, are both beautiful as well as delusory. They are the thin veils of living, of comfort, of comparison to our neighbors of a time lost, of the American innocence that still layers some minds over and plumbs our collective psyche of the ultimate blame we that must assign ourselves to be honest. In a way, Bourne’s version is perhaps more true, maybe we never see our horrors and never reconcile with the hurt we give others.
And warm.
Melissa George is an expert mountain climber (no, really) climbing in the Scottish highlands when she and her friends find a little girl abandoned underground in the wilderness. Melissa and her friends rescue the poor dear, unwittingly putting themselves in the sights of the girl's kidnappers. What follows is the plot of Backwoods (that's the largely unseen Gary Oldman/Paddy Considine feature, not the Duff version).
Ji-Hyun Hong : Punk with oriental taste. But it's hard to describe. The best way to introduce us is, come out and see our show.
My love for my neighbours binds all things together in perfect unity! Amen!
Pick #4
John fell deeply in love with Anna in the very same years his vision dramatically declined. Those of you fortunate enough to know her, know about the magic. Anna helped John leave regret and blame behind. She helped him turn vulnerability into strength. He became more outgoing not less, as together they explored the pleasures of senses other than sight—they hiked trails in national parks notable for plants with particularly strong scents; they walked the beaches of Truro John loved so much in bare feet; they listened and danced to music from around the globe at Body Choir, in their living room, and most recently in the hospital in Houston. They made the tastes of good food and good wine and the special sounds of intimate conversation an essential part of each day. At one of the hundreds of dinner parties at their beautiful cottage on 35th, St. to which they regularly welcomed friends and in the cosy little nook of their kitchen where they ended most days in a leisurely two hour meal. As the musicality of their coupled names suggest, “John and Anna” formed an exquisite partnership. Their passion and deep respect for one another was always apparent: in the way they spoke about each other; the way they held hands at dinner parties, in the multiple phone calls during the day just to say “I love you.”
Filmigirl and Veraciously did great writeups on the movie, and I'll try not to repeat what they've said. But I do recognize that The Dirty Picture is a timepass film with some great performances. A timepass film can rise to the level of greatness with one propelling performance, and that is Vidya Balan's. I fell in love with this film because it had a lack of overt judgement for Silk's choices. Even though she may go for the casting couch, Silk has agency that is purely sexual. That is an agency in its own way, that a woman can conquer an industry based on which hero she sleeps with to get her an item song or even some dialogue. Even though Abraham (Emraan Hashmi) detests everything Silk stands for and her brazen attitude. It was just so refreshing to see a sexual heroine who was not supremely demonized for her sexual choices. I felt like here suicide was not the usual trope where the bad vamp had to be killed off. We could see that Silk was going on the usual artist downfall where the offers had dried up, she'd gotten a bit moti, and her ego had grown.
It does not really matter to us though…because this could not possibly happen here? This is the United States, we have our rights etc. etc. “Its JUST A MOVIE” I hear most of my neighbors saying.
These magnet boards from Organize Your Stuff Now are awesome - perfect for a recipe holder in the kitchen or a picture in the office! I think they would look great made with some Christmas papers!
Last week a company called Planetary Resources, Inc. announced its intention to develop the means of exploiting minerals from near-earth asteroids on a for-profit basis. This news got some attention for its novelty, particularly at a time when the concerns of most companies are distinctly earthbound. It also attracted sneers from some in the financial press, though the author of a particularly scathing analysis in the Financial Times seems to have confused recovering material on the scale of a NASA space probe with the kind of large-scale mining that Planetary Resources contemplates. I don't know whether there's a pony in there or not, somewhere down the road, but there's certainly a larger message to be gleaned: The company's announcement serves as a useful reminder that the earth we live on is not a closed system. Anyone interested in truly long-term sustainability must take account of that.
“I don’t feel fine at all.”
Allison Giordano is no ambulance chaser. With a briefcase in her hand and three inch pumps on her feet, she’s ready to show the “old school” boys a thing or two about personal injury law.
One reason, could be becasue the Academy selects ‘Artsy’ or ’2 streets west of Main Stream’ films. Giving merit to films lacking BILLION dollar budgets and massive theatre appeal is noble, but it also eliminates a huge audience. If you havent seen at least ONE of the nominated films for Best Picture… you are not invested in the ‘race’. If you have not seen the performances of at least ONE fo the lead actors/actresses… why the heck do you care who wins…. unless you are sold on one person’s image over another. For example, we ALL wanted Sandra Bullock to win – because we loved her. Her movie was terrible, nothing more than a nice flick to watch alone in a hotel or on a plane. But guess what? George Clooney and Brad Pitt are going to get beat out by an unknown frenchman in a silent movie. We all WANT George or Brad to take it… but neither of them will. Thats a problem if you’re the Academy.
I also learned that I need to follow my very first instinct when it comes to picking music to listen to. If I get an inkling I might like to hear some particular song, I need to switch to that song AT THAT MOMENT, with a playlist by similar artists. It doesn't really matter whether they suit the mood of the writing, though up-tempo music is better than miserable stuff (of which I have a lot). The important thing is to be comfortable with my audio environment.
The Tanala people of Madagascar observe strict silence throughout the labour and birth and as the placenta is being delivered. When the placenta comes, everyone present claps and shouts “Vita! Vita!” – meaning ‘finished’.
Gradually, sorrow turned to resentment and rage. “City That Care Forgot” flings indictments both local and global. “Short version is, we gettin’ mad,” Dr. John sings in “We Gettin’ There,” which gripes about contractors and insurance companies and goes on to tabulate greater costs: “Ask anybody if they know a friend that died from suicide/They gonna say ‘Yeah for a fact.’ ” In the title song, a steadfast slow groove with jabs of bluesy guitar from Eric Clapton, Dr. John sings, “Better get used to that fonky smell/Toxic mold under the fresh paint.” And in the gospel-flavored “Promises, Promises,” on which he shares vocals with Willie Nelson, he sings, “The road to the White House is paved with lies.”
Leaving my dreadful thoughts of impending summer doom to be blown away by ocean breezes, I watched the sanderlings dash back and forth along the shoreline seeking small crustaceans and snail like critters in the sand.
(don't ask, because I will not tell you what I said)
Tools: Spellbinders - Nesting Label, Martha Stewart - Embroidered Floral edge punch, EK Success - label punch, Magnolia - DooHickey swirl die.
Bangkok was a food heaven. So many choices with great food! I wanted to go to local stalls for lunch where local people go, but the timing during this trip didn’t work out for us.
Card & Papers - From my stash
on the ground hitting a ball of air,
As I headed back toward La Paz, I stopped to get a photo of this neat cinderblock bridge over one of the pristine streams I passed as I traveled. One of the many cool things about being up this high is that there just aren’t that many people or animals above you to sully the waters before they make their way down to you. Yes, I did walk down to splash my face and drink from this icy cold stream. My assumption was that, with a good portion of the population of Totora Pampa involved in their community meeting, the parts per million of human excretions in the stream’s flow was likely pretty minimal at this moment.
A gag gift
Exactly one week ago, I decided to accept a new position that will take my husband and I from a quiet Nebraska town of six thousand-some souls to Austin, Texas. The fun part is, they want me in Austin by July 1.
There are no sales minimums to maintain status as a Stella & Dot Stylist. However, in order to receive coaching commission, you must be ACTIVE, with 500 in PCV in that month (about $770 retail). This is the minimum amount to earn coaching commissions at the Stylist pay level. To increase your pay level, you will need to achieve and maintain a higher monthly PCV.
The late spring breeze off of the sea felt great against my face. Of course, anything mildly refreshing would seem as a paradise compared to the oppressing landscape and “weather” of Occipitus. As we approached, the approach to the city was easy to make and just as easy to walk through. It was pleasant to see a prime city again after our last adventure and I must admit, prime women are just as beautiful. The estate of Ashton’s was a large, expensive place and I must make a note to visit this place in the future. Upon entering, Ashton mentioned it was his family’s estate, though no servants came to great us nor carry our belongings. Clearly the estate has fallen to the side. I wonder where the master of the estate is?
Innovation – absolutely! In one fell swoop not only did they re-energize their rewards program by making it more valuable for existing card members, but also tapped into the heart of a younger generation, filled with future card members.
Intermittent depression, hoarding and borderline alchoholism are all
When Lupus took everything away from me I obviously was worried about more things rather than just my looks.
I’ve been struggling more than usual with this plan that I have to be a writer. It got far worse when I started on a book a few weeks ago.
Stella
and a girl with chestnut hair,
I personally have decided to ride my bicycle to school at least two days a week for the next four weeks. I currently drive to work because I live a couple of miles away from the Oregon State campus. By riding my bike I will eliminate the carbon dioxide emissions that my car would have produced. I think this is the best fit for where I live because walking would require too much time to actually get to campus (I have a 8:00 am class already, I don’t want to wake up any earlier then I have too). Also I want to have the ability to leave whenever I want, and the bus only runs in the morning and in the evening. Therefore biking is the best fit.
Also up for grabs this month is our Top 3 badge- it may not be until after Christmas, but we look forward to visiting your blogs and seeing what you've created for the challenge... then selecting our favourites! This badge is only offered when we have 12+ entries.
Until they moved me.
Last week I went to Boston for the wedding of one of my knitting friends there, and had a lovely few days visiting with friends, knitting, and eating wedding cupcakes.
1. Pick up cat and cradle it in the crook of your left arm as if holding a baby. Position right forefinger and thumb on either side of cat's mouth and gently apply pressure to cheeks while holding pill in right hand. As cat opens mouth, pop pill into mouth. Allow cat to close mouth and swallow.
This is why you come up in July -when it's hot (75degrees IS hot for us). I can imagine the fun he would have here, splashing in the water, chasing frogs, doing "turtle rescue". It's close by-we ride our bikes there..........and a million miles from anyone. So quiet-all you here is the water.
parasitic if not cancerous, and it links those programs exclusively with Democrats even though Republicans have chosen not to curtail them, or have even initiated them (Medicare Part D).
But wanting to be "in shape" doesn't motivate me to abandon my warm bed in exchange for a wet, cold and muddy trail. Size 4 shorts don't even have that much power.
According to the CareerBuilder survey, the following are the errors job seekers make most often:
I created scenes and played them out.
1-800-676-HIPS
Alongside the release of the powerful new single “Headlong Flight”, Live Nation announced today that Rush will embark on a North American Tour in support of their upcoming and highly anticipated new album, “CLOCKWORK ANGELS.” This year’s fall tour will visit approximately 33 cities beginning September 7th in Manchester, NH, and finishing December 2nd in Houston, TX, with stops along the way in Pittsburgh, Detroit, Columbus, Bridgeport, Philadelphia, Saskatoon, Seattle, Phoenix, Tampa, as well as dates in Canada and more (complete tour itinerary follows).
I withdrew my novella from the Polari Prize after Paul Burston outed me. I didn't think he could read my work properly through that red mist of his. And anyway, I think it is just too gay for me and my novella. At the end of my story the woman in it asks her male companion:
05. Pop Song 89
-2 side pieces (Make sure you add an extra 6″ to the width so you can make a faux pleat)
the slow drift of stars
Well, perhaps so, but throwing $700 billion at banks who can’t pay off their debts is not the way the market should work, either. Taking the assets and customers of small banks that have gone broke and giving them to big banks which are propped up with government money, making “too big to fail” even bigger, is not the way the market should work. Throwing money at auto manufacturers who have gone bankrupt as a result of their own stupidity is not the way the market should work. Having interest rates set at essentially zero by the Fed for several years is for damn sure not the way the market should work.
Why do we always arrange for more?
Remember that if you are wearing new shoes on your wedding day you should break them in in the weeks before the big day. In addition to avoiding any slips and falls you want to be conformable in them and avoid getting any blisters, especially if they’re too tight. There’s no superstition about the groom not seeing the bride’s shoes before the wedding so feel free to wear them around the house.
of a little girl, or the pilgrim
All of the sudden her solitary life is completely disrupted when he brother because the prime suspect in a horrendous murder. Her life is turned upside down as she has to deal with issues from her past, trying to cope in the present and not even thinking about the future.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Mighty Arrow Pale Ale
For I already had a career. I taught, and still teach, social studies at a junior high school, and during the summers, my husband and I have been building a modest cabin in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. A full life. A happy life. A life with some bloody down time!
(Note that videotaping and photographs are similarly banned at the one regular event where Atlantic Yards issues are discussed, the Atlantic Yards District Service Cabinet interagency meeting. The stated explanation is to "prevent disruptions." More likely, it's to limit transparency. It's a distinct contrast to the made-for-TV Nets branding events.)
And Shawn being Shawn just laughed as they were punching him.
Jake, please know that we felt all the love you gave to us during your time here.
to strike a chord with the public – that debut album sold 250,000 copies in three weeks - and her bizarre versions of rock and pop standards (including such greats as Downtown and These Boots Were Made for Walking) led to her becoming known as the worst pop star of all time.
Every reason more and more
...books are becoming even MORE important at our house. Sam has long had an appreciation for books, but he mostly just liked the touchy-feely ones. Now he's starting to enjoy actually having a story read to him. He's even starting to recognize pictures and say things about that page when we come to it. I love how he "asks" me to read to him. I can be sitting in the floor, and he'll go get a book, give it to me, then position himself right in front of me and slowly, deliberately back his little caboose into my lap. Of course, Molly has to be right in the middle of everything.
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
On the other hand, and exactly as that grade school science film mentioned in our last post exemplifies,
First of all, Thanks to Nuffnang for the movie screening. This movie is actually not bad, because I understand the whole story line in this movie. At beginning of this movie, you might think that this movie is Art Films or Horror Movie which is speechless all the time. They are putting alot of blur image about the past of Nick Cheung of this movie, why is he imprisoned and what is the motive of his sin and deed that send him into prison. And Simon Yam is the only Inspector who really put his full time effort to find the truth in all kind of cases happening in Hong Kong, some heavy cases. I would like to state here that: there will be some spoiler inside this movie, I hope you all prepare to listen about it.
With just under a day left for negotiations before the government will shutdown and despite working non-stop this week Congressional Republicans and Democrats have still not come to an agreement for the 2011 Budget. Wednesday and Thursday President Obama kept meeting with House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) at the White House, declaring some progress, still no agreement has been made. Although Obama opposes and threatened to veto the measure Speaker Boehner and Republicans are working on a week extension to prevent the shutdown on midnight Saturday. At issue is the 7 million difference between the Democrats proposed 33 million and the Republicans 40 million in spending cuts. The shutdown would affect 800,000 federal workers out of 2 million workers, and will also affect all aspects of the government at a time when the fragile economy is just starting to recover.
The last couple of days in Florence flew by way too quickly- which is true of most any vacation.
Like a lot of other bands, they straddle the line between pagan metal and black metal (if it's really a line at all), using very few folk elements. They play at a mid-pace for black metal, allowing their very catchy riffs to sink in (see especially "Waldeinsamkeit"), while the drums never go into blast-beat territory, instead opting for a fast but steady pace with some fills. Most of the vocals are rasped, but there are some more melodic vocal styles in here as well. Which brings me to some of the surprises.
-Shampoo/Conditioner
And we gather and wait her coming—
* Your mind creates things/thoughts/ideas/fear/etc.. One aspect of the "Island" adventure is to "believe" and believing in what you see/hear/experience/etc.
If I recall correctly, it only took about 3 weeks. I think Hanshin still had a chance then.
CSD
Romans 8:38-39 (MSG)
For those who are unfamiliar-- Eddie "Son" House Jr (born March 21, 1902, probably in Lyon, Mississippi), was a great Delta blues singer and guitarist who recorded one session for Paramount Records in 1930, and was recorded again in 1941 for the Library of Congress by traveling folklorist Alan Lomax.
- Fried noodle
As a 60 metres runner, Gardener has been among the world’s top indoor sprinters for a decade, having won three consecutive European titles and being the reigning world champion. The Bath Bullet has traditionally used this five-way international featuring teams from Britain, Italy, Russia, Sweden and a Commonwealth select as a vital part of his early programme.
I warmed up with the KenpoX warmup (today was KenpoX day anyway)...then did The Chrissy. And...omg.....knocked TEN minutes off my time last month. My time is still not one for the record books...and will still very likely ensure that I am the last person done at the training....but I knocked 10 freaking minutes off of it!
Sha Na Na
Driving Mr. Yogi: Yogi Berra, Ron Guidry, and Baseball's Greatest Gift is a title worth remembering. Yankee fans who judge a book by its cover will be sold immediately.
I would still be British had I been born on the open seas, for it is to Britain that I trace my genes and my bloodline. These men have no such claim, and to grant them one, is not only artificial but it denies them their true culture.
I sure do! I enjoy very good health, I have the typical aches and pains that come with age, but overall I'm one very healthy girl and I'm very grateful as well. I have no idea where people who deal with illness on a daily basis find the strength to go on, well I have some idea...GOD. I am a pitiful sicko, can't do much of anything...except feel sorry for myself. I managed to keep the crying fits to a minimum this time around, that is an improvement. It seems I have to have a pity party and fall apart before I can see how blessed I am the majority of the time. What a baby!!!
That's my whining for the week.
Please, please no more snow!
You will want to read Beast. The reptilian eye staring at you from the cover will make sure of that. In fact, if you like good YA fiction you will probably have read it already. I don't know why I hadn't til now. After all, I saw that cover first of all in a prospectus for the writing MA I was about to take, where Ally is a well remembered past graduate. Like I said, the eye's been watching me. I suppose I knew it had the patience of a crocodile lurking in the shallows. It could wait, because we both knew it was going to get me in the end.
Law is responsibility. To riot is to proclaim that the law does not apply to you. That you are beyond, below and above the law. It is a rejection of ownership for individual behavior and the larger society. That attitude can be seen in an administration which conspicuously loots and wastes money because it does not think of the money or the country as belonging to it. It can be seen in the street level rioters for the same reason.
- a cup a day
"No" she answered without hesitation.
If you're using an older blog template, then it can be really useful to know how to customise your blog background in HTML. If you're not confident with using HTML, this can seem a little more challenging than if you're using the Template Designer option, but it is pretty straight forward once you get the hang of it.
As for me, I am wondering about my New York Giants. A few years ago, they won an improbable Super Bowl. After last season’s disastrous finish, the G-Men have numerous holes to fill. Instead of putting bowel-stewing fear in opposing quarterbacks, the Giants last year did a great job of playing laissez-faire defense, allowing boatloads of yards and points. On the other side of the ball, the running game that once seemed unstoppable was a shadow of it’s former glory. Brandon Jacobs and Ahmad Bradshaw fought off numerous injuries and could never find a winning groove. Too often it felt like the rushing attack was trudging in quicksand.
Eastern religions have obviously gone deep into the Western soul. Their appeal is understandable: Western Christianity, especially Protestantism but also Catholicism in recent years, has been deprived of the element of the true worship of God which Orthodoxy has, and the human soul feels empty. Also, most Eastern religions offer a rather simple kind of “peace” through meditation or chanting which is not as demanding as true Christianity, since the latter gives one a peace not of this world and prepares one for eternal life in a Kingdom not of this world.
I bought my Japanese Books at a Kinokuniya Book Store but if you can't get to a Japanese book store, check out Pomadour's Craft Cafe Etsy shop - it has a great variety and is at great value too. =)
When planting a spring garden, lettuce is an easy choice. Who doesn't love a crisp, garden fresh salad to accompany most any meal! Lettuce was first domesticated in Egypt from a 'weed' of the Aster family, but has been selectively bred and manipulated for a couple thousand year to become the widely variable and colorful kitchen staple we know today.
And I've finally perfected my own "green" recipe:
For memories sour and deep.
I could sit here and write volumes on the atrocities committed against women and men in the name of sin and self-glory, but I’ll just say this:Be very careful what you’re saying around who. Even the slightest off color joke could send an abuse victim spiraling into darkness that could take weeks to be pulled out of.
HTTP is a request/ response protocol; there is no way around this. Anyone who purports to have found a way around this is stretching the truth somewhat. There is however, a technique that can be used to simulate the server making a connection to the browser and pushing information when it knows a change has been made. This neatly solves the latency problem above.
27For the men of Jerusalem and their rulers, having no knowledge of him, or of the sayings of the prophets which come to their ears every Sabbath day, gave effect to them by judging him.
Michelle
The only change I made is to add a few yellow crosses in the center of the flower—it seemed to need something there but you can leave it out if you like. Done in a medium purple-blue colored floss, they look very much like a flower we call periwinkle or vinca. Use whatever colors you like. Try brown centers with a yellow flower (like black-eyed Susans).
1/ My housemate & the dogs all perched on my bed. A saturday morning (wine & beer bottles remain from a wee party I'd accidentally hosted in my room the night before - I dont usually drink in bed, I swear!).
Add water around the vegetables in the roasting pan
I have independent confirmation from a Mr. Paul Lane, of Pentagon military intelligence – he was a part of the Men Who Stare At Goats group – that four nuclear weapons were stolen from the Russian submarine Kursk after it sank.
After having me get back on the treadmill to do some more testing, the guy I was working with came to this conclusion: While the shoe I had changed to was lighter, the heal was still relatively high and there wasn’t much arch support. By forcing myself to run on the balls of my feet, I was actually lifting my foot even higher to avoid heel strikes which was contributing to the occasional PF. I have to admit that on longer runs, I was starting to notice more that the bottoms of my feet would just start hurting after a time.
Very positive and uplifting. And here is my synopsis of the death of this bill:
Its coffee, not my friend. Except when I’m hungover.
Obama: "The fact of the matter is I think if you look at my track record, I'm raising a family here. When we travel, we got to travel through Secret Service—and Air Force One, that's not my choice. I think most folks understand how hard I work and how hard this administration is working on behalf of the American people."
6) I've promised myself not to accumulate or buy any new or unnecessary craft supplies until I've depleted my current supply (seriously, I could open up my own shop tomorrow)
It Just Is / Vavona Burr / Valedictory Songs / What Did for the Dinosaurs
I see a lot of companies struggling to reach local audiences in their random smattering of followers. So how do you get folks in your area to follow you? Well I’ll tell you.
wonder how long I’ve been human.
Feminism in developing world usually take a leaf out of the “developed” world (as they can teach the “right” thing and not visa versa) , but do these developing world feminist are willing to understand what boys feel or is it too out of the world for them( and additionally accept their flaws too). It has been widely understood that woman become feminist out of oppression of themselves in the hands of their male peers of elder males in the families since they cannot understand their “feeling”. It may be so that in process of being a man in order to not get affected by emotions in decision making ,they needed to subvert their feelings. A phenomena which has been successful to men for thousands of years.(but how can a man expect a feminist to understand this feeling, after all it is always other way round)
Minutes into her first job, humans appear in isolated Whipplethorn Manor. They tear her home, the fireplace mantel, right off the wall of Whipplethorn and Matilda’s afternoon babysitting job goes long term.
So what do I do now? I considered watching Castle again, but it’s getting a little over the top, I know the episodes too well. And today, I joined Pottermore. I don’t know how I feel about this. I am a huge Harry Potter fan, always have been. I have read all the books not only multiple times in English, but also books 1-6 in Spanish, and books 1-5 in German. I have also seen all of the films multiple times. So Pottermore seemed like the next logical step, right? Well, I don’t know. Its the kind of thing you can’t really appreciate until you are really really into the story. And I thought I was. I can talk along with the movies, I’ve read the books in three languages, for goodness sake! But still I don’t know…
Because so many things imperative to saving lives, are also important to saving jobs.
Time flies and Julia is now ready for Medicare. He says it is the republicans that are going to slash it.
Q uit looking at the future
The summary of the very dangerous situation at Rocky Flats in this report has been posted under Rocky Flats in Part 5 of this section of RADNET.
as the middle aged man stood by, helpless to end his child's suffering.........
“I had the Midtown Theater District restaurant that was kind of square, and he had the hipper, downtown West Village restaurant that cool people went to.”
This has been such a hot, hot summer already. Especially hot since we're following a ridiculously snowy winter! Usually I love to be outside and exploring during the spring and summer, but this has been brutal! During one of the first bad weekends that we had, we headed over to the Greek festival. The food and entertainment there was amazing! The sweaty walk from Harbor East to Greektown was not. The good thing about these little walks that we take is that we always end up passing restaurants that we've been wanting to try. On this outing, we passed G & A Restaurant.
I hate election day. I used to love it. I used to feel like my vote made a difference, and maybe it does. But I hate it now because I have to deal with these people...and they affect my every day life. And I don't like it. I really think that every single person in America should work in the media for one election season...and see what these people are like. It's a real eye opener.
Fortunately, everything went very well, everything was done on time. There were some minor glitches such as the catering didn't have a dessert plate, all they had was China plates for the entree, I freaked out. They finally came with a backup plan and although we had to settle with less, I was happy to have a plate for my dessert at least :).
the lucidity to comprehend,
Fortunately for me, that's only real life.
For anyone who enjoys a beer and a good yarn and has some sense of the ties that really bind a Nation’s culture, this site is worth a look. And if you can, get out on ANZAC Day and raise a glass to those who fought so that you could have a nice cold beer and not have to ask for it in Japanese or German. Even if it is only a VB.
We believe that cycling preserves resources. Switch to cycling and save the money you would otherwise spend on fuel and fares.
This makes enough for two batches. I usually freeze the other half.
UDT to VARBINARY
Place pitted dates in bowl of food processor; puree until thick paste forms. Add cocoa powder, chia seeds, and vanilla and almond extracts. Pulse until all ingredients are combined. Add almonds; pulse until nuts are finely chopped and well distributed through date mixture.
SSRN has again been named the Number 1 Open Access Repository in the World (for January, 2011) by the Ranking Web of World Repositories (http://repositories.webometrics.info/toprep.asp). Our thanks to all of the SSRN authors who helped make this happen.
It is dropped to rot in the greedy earth.
833 Gardner C. Taylor Boulevard (formerly Marcy Avenue) (between Putnam Avenue and Madison Street)
We’re looking for actors that can fit the following roles:
that he has
And I do NOT like getting clunked on the head by the hood, as it sinks sloooowly in the West!
31. François Virot - Hard Knock Life (1:48)
Day 19: What is your happiest memory of your child(ren)?
I sat around all day today watching the fourth season of The Wire, the best TV show and/or film ever made to this point IMHO. I'm sure it would amused some of you greatly (ahem) to see me gleefully sniggering or captivated with jaw slackitude. Dear lord I love that show. And in a couple more days I can start watching Season 5!
I don't know people... what's your theory
Most of Saturday was spent socialising in shady areas with friends, making fun of a guy who looked just like Matt Damon. (MATT DAAAMON!!) Then the evening comedy was up with Paul Snodgrass hosting, my roommate Siv Ngesi killing, Rob Van Vuuren pulling out a genius and hilarious set and Mum-Z wrapping up a killer line up. All these guys dominated.
Last month, Obama tried to take credit for expediting the southern leg of the pipeline from Oklahoma to Texas that is going ahead, but the White House has no jurisdiction over the pipeline except where it crosses an international border.
Note: This post is not meant to imply that only breastfeeding will work with a (high need) baby. However, it is the only feeding with which I have experience and therefore, the only one I can write about.
* 2 large eggs
Coincidental reading after induction, Peter Linebaugh scornfully noting 'the good old days':
The Venn diagram of Conservatives should look like this:
Ah, then the Manpower start to repair the previous breakdown, started to tighten the PR intake. He even go into tightening the Global Investor Program from $30m to $50M. There is also upping the base salary for S pass holders. However, still it looks like the upping is not a deterrent, it look more like it is shifting a little higher than inflation rate. But though the repairing of manpower, this guy that had created this mathematic is not repairing the previous health guy had done. Just changing some numbers.
Monterey jack cheese (organic): On sale for $3.49/8 oz pkg, used 2 oz (1/4) =$.87
Admittedly, most of the families I know are in the much lauded Spanish language immersion path at the school. We are not in that program, we are in the regular General Education English language track. I did a fair amount of outreach into our parent community over the past year, and for the first time a decent proportion of this class also is from "our side of the tracks". A bonus of this not being one of the popular schools in the city means that there are only fourteen children in Geekygirl's class.
When I received the Candy Doodles CD I had a quick flick through it for inspiration and almost instantly found the little birdhouse template and the butterflies. Now those of you have followed me for any length of time know what a sucker I am for birdhouses and butterflies, so I just knew that I had to make something with it. My only problem was what to do as I had way too many ideas running around in my poor little head!
D. Up close picture of our slithery friend.
No, because I was published so soon after graduating, I was thrown into the world of publishing straightaway.
Anyway, I loved the film, I thought Natalie Portman was absolutely stunning in the film, I think this brought out Natalie Portman into her own, her own style, her own ‘perfection’ if you will.
Actually, since Easter has already passed, I should say "There went Peter Cottontail..." In my defense, it is baseball season. I usually play on my computer while I watch the games, but the BoSox roster has undergone a lot of changes, so I need to watch carefully to study the new players to see if they gain my approval, ha ha.
Portable Windows
"Beware the virgin.
We hit three other parties, none of them memorable. Conversations were dull, people strange and I felt numb.
“Because real women don’t look like that. Not unless you’re paid to look like that. So she was either a stripper or a rich woman with nothing to do all day but go to the gym.”
6. Chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven are the best!
“Have you tried pressing the ON button?”
Other than that, I've been busy organizing and cleaning my house. The house that we used to live in was the house I grew up in. When we moved out I left some things behind and just hadn't made the time to go back and get it and go through things. Well, last weekend my brothers house burned down so him and his family had to move into my parents old house, so I really had to get my stuff out of there. Its really amazing the things you find! So I've been busy throwing things away and getting bags of clothes ready to donate. I have so many friggin clothes that I don't wear anymore or don't fit. I REALLY need to go through them all, Ryan's included. It seems the kids get new clothes every season but neither of us do.
As civilization crumbles in slow motion before our very eyes, people become ruder at the movies. There's no getting around that. Especially bad are girls who think that a night out with their man grants them impunity, like he'll throw his hipster fedora Oddjob-style and decapitate anyone who tells her to quiet down. Even the great New Beverly Cinema is not immune. Weeks after they'd put up a sign in the box office prohibiting glass bottle beer, bad people are still breaking the rules and the bottles. This wasn't a problem before but the selfish don't know from privilege. One of the MCs has even taken to warning people not be dicks since some of these movies are funny enough on their own. I must not be the only one who's sent a pissed off email to them lately. If the Beverly's not safe to enjoy trash respectfully, no place is.
Who asked me to homecoming.
His weight bearing down on her caught her by surprise. And then he was on top of her. Thrusting. Prying her legs apart. She lay very still. Did not struggle. This was not happening. Surely that woman, so small, so fragile, lying spread eagled on a floral bedspread was not her. Surely that man was not Anu. He could never be her Anu.
Other GE foods are canola, papayas, radicchio, potatoes, rice, squash or zucchini, cantaloupe, sugar beets, flax, tomatoes, and oilseed rape. One non-food crop that is commonly GE is cotton. The GE hormone recombinant bovine growth hormone (rBGH or Prosilac) was one of the first GE products allowed to enter the nation’s food supply. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Monsanto’s rBGH in 1993.”
I can’t believe the last person to use the copier didn’t hit the reset button when they were through.
Y’all are so sweet and I’m very flattered but I’m spoken for.
½ Tsp. Nutmeg (freshly ground – smells so delicious)
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning tune-ups / Saint Hedwig AC tune-ups
For photo plus written documentation sharing the best service of the moment for appears to be Google+, because unlike Facebook no one has to see the ongoing noisy stream of all their Facebook friends just to share some photos. And the concept of Circles within Google+ makes the management of different vendors much easier. Google+ also works in the sending of photos and other documentation even to those who are not using the free service, unlike Facebook that only offers privacy *if* everyone is on Facebook, so Facebook and listen in and monetize. Google+ is also platform agnostic: It works well with all web capable computer and smart phone platforms unlike Apple’s iCloud service offerings which is an Apple platform specific service. The Google+ service is free, but they are tracking everything you do on their platform if you have an account like other social networking services.
Worth: $125-$200 (one recently sold for $197 in an online auction)
need to take up arms against the
Like any good comic, you can feel Montlack's impatience, his restlessness to move onto the next gag. What makes the collection impressive is his panic to keep us laughing is wholly unnecessary, yet makes him and us fully energized.
10. The Halloween Song - Bing Crosby, Boris Karloff & Victor Moore
And if ye wish to know more of why I say what I say, then ye may seek me out too.
Cook the noodles according to the package and drain well. Pre-heat oven to 350*. Melt the butter in a sauce pan. Add mushrooms and cook until softened. Stir in the milk. Add the cheese cooking over low/medium and stir until melted and smooth. Add the shrimp, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Pour in pasta and coat with sauce. Transfer to a baking dish (or two small ramekins for individual servings) and top with tempura and paprika. Bake for 15 minutes or until the cheese is bubbling and the tops are browning.
6. Float
Meanwhile, IU released “Peach” on May 4th in preparation for the release of her single, “A 20 year-old’s Spring“. “Peach” has been taking over top spots on various music charts ever since its release, showing the impressive power of IU once again.
22 Week MFM Ultrasound
Heat oil in a large, 12-inch non-stick skillet with high sides over medium heat until just smoking. Cook meatballs until well browned all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer meatballs to a paper towel-lined plate. Drain fat from the skillet.
I want to talk to everyone that i’ve hurt. Tell them i’m sorry. I didn’t mean it. They won’t believe me. I’m manipulative, I knew what i was doing.
Here are some tips to help keep the bomb from blowing up.
(919) 266-4300
One of the biggest highlights, though, was EEE's special-feature for the con: a live-action version of the quintessential D&D dungeon, Orc and Pie! With real-life pie as a reward for successful adventurers, it was well worth spending 15 minutes in the dungeon! Plus, who could resist beating up poor Emily, dressed as the hapless orc!
The general public would probably agree that some trailers make the grade. But we aren't the general public, we are authors! We labor for years on our personal masterpieces, weaving subtlety and meaning into a compelling narrative. How could a short flashy video possibly capture our books? This sentiment is similar to the complaint many would-be authors raise about query letters and synopses. Same idea, right? I created a sophisticated, many-layered narrative. How am I supposed to get that across in 250 words?
- 110g / 3.9 oz / 1/2 cup light brown sugar
What do we run to when we need answers or solutions? What do we run to when we have free time? Are we missing the notes that God has left for us in the midst of our daily lives? We don’t have to look hard. We just need to open our eyes to Him and pay attention, and then MAKE THE TIME and prioritize Him. We tithe money. But do we tithe our time? Do we ever see the sticky notes? Do we stop and take it to Him? What notes is He leaving us these days? And in what locations?
Finally, this is my problem.
WAV files converted to FLAC 6 via Traders Little Helper
"Excuse me, sir, but do you have any Jerusalem artichokes?"
It all depends upon you heeding God’s direction in your life and how well you guard yourself from demonic attacks. According to Ephesians chapter 6 we are to put on the whole armour of God so we can stand against the wiles of the devil. God, through Paul, has given us ample warning as well as complete spiritual instruction. Seek His will in your life and get to work!
What’s the general plotline surrounding the film?
and that you will never be so.
We're getting excited about singing for First Presbyterian Church's evening service on October 18th. Pastor Dawn emailed me about the Hildegard chants we'd be singing and suggestions for readings. Then she asked if I knew she'd gone to a religious education seminar about Hildegard von Bingen. No, I didn't know that...but started thinking what a wonderful, rich service this was going to be.
You are the expert on you. Which is why if you don’t know yourself, you will equally fail to know others or God. How can you even begin to know externally if you can’t grasp what is in plain sight, inside yourself?
so, not only is green a favorite color, but it's also a favorite tea... especially this particular brand and flavor. i'm not even sure if they still make it. but if they do, you so have to try it. it's divine with honey and a spot of milk. i wrote about it once long ago here. with my tea, is an old honey jar that i keep vintage buttons in. they are not all green. but if i could have a collection of only green vintage buttons, you can be sure i would! have you any? send them my way! {i kid.}
Previous installments of an unprecedented wave of protests that burst out after fraud-plagued parliamentary elections in December had been marked by fastidious order.
Grilled Chickpea Quinoa and Spinach burgers can survive an open flame!
And yes, I'm disappointed too that I don't have the before shot, that's half the fun. I won't make that mistake again.
Hells. To. The. No.
While we were driving down the street one day she said, "Mommy, when I grow up I want to be a stop sign!" I said, "I thought you wanted to be a kitty cat." (Because she told me last week she wanted to be a kitty cat.) She said, "I'll just be a red kitty cat that looks like a stop sign."
Animal Político, 13/2/2012
- roll out to desired size / shape (approx 1mm thickness for lasagna sheet, 1/2mm thickness for pasta)
42. Directions to the Leaning Tower of Pisa (in Italian)
Andrew James is socially connectable. To download his soulful sounds and stay up to date with the latest happenings on his musical journey make a break for his webpage, and twitface pages.
While I had fun designing I think Lauren really had fun receiving her plush. The regular sized plush was the perfect size for her to grow with and the plush was nice and soft. The toy is made of polyester plush fleece fabric, plus polyester fiber stuffing. It is soft, and full. I love that everything is embroidered on, so I have no parts to worry about her choking on. The stitching seems very strong and sturdy. I think she should be able to tug this around with her for a long long time. They recommend spot cleaning, but it is possible to machine wash. I have not had to clean our plush yet. They do say that machine washing, especially repeatedly, the plush could lose some of its shape. My suggestion would be try the spot cleaning or put it on the gentle cycle.
Justice is colorblind. Too bad our society no longer is after the multi-culti hogwash that has bread out of us the notion that we are all American, but we are now a check-the-box ethnicity. The folks who went out of their way to brand George Zimmerman as a “white Hispanic” as opposed to “Hispanic” will now have to eat their words.
That went to help the sea.
It’s Thursday. The Lord and the twelve have arrived at a borrowed room to celebrate the Passover Feast together. For the customary washing of the feet before the meal, a bowl and towel are there, but no servant appears. Jesus assigns himself the task. However, he comes on his knees to Simon Peter and the big fisherman says in surprise, “YOU wash MY feet? To him that would be unthinkable. Jesus was his leader and leaders don’t do such menial tasks.
My mother was brought up in a family of 13 children, in poverty that is unfathomable for modern people. My maternal grandfather was the eldest son in a well-off family, he fell in love with one of their maids - my maternal grandmother. As a result, my maternal great grandfather disinherited my grandfather. My grandmother died when giving birth to their 13th child during burning WW2 due to a sloppy and drunken doctor. My mother was 12 years old when she had to assume the role of mother to her own siblings.
happening, I had to abandon my
We no longer can count on defenders, on leaders. There are only overlords, the Quislings who see their advantage in political correctness and population replacement.
That word was INTENTION.
one thing to note about this particular Arcade stick is that it is limited to 1,000 unit(s) and is available for pre-order with a maximum of 2 per individual. The said bundle retails for $249.99 USD. I already own an Arcade Stick that i’m using for Tekken and Street Fighter IV: AE and not to mention this is manufactured by Mad Catz wherein there is a huge strain in their products that doesn’t last long as compared to HORI (Rumor has it that Mad Catz controllers die after a few dish out of hadouken(s) in SF IV : AE. Regarless, fans who can spare an extra cash and have yet to own an arcade stick, this would be a good chance! Head to Club Namco by clicking the link below to preorder your copy.
Regular Season
Overlooking
One time we were locking up a hold up man and having a conversation about how they target their victims. I was saying they pick easy ones, another guy was saying they preferred easy ones but would take anybody.
‘That’s right. Rosie M. Banks, authoress of Only a Factory Girl, Merveyne Keene, Clubman, ‘Twas Once in May, and other works. You see her name everywhere. I understand she makes a packet with the pen.
Penstemon pseudospectabilis..strict warnings relative to over watering accompanied the instructions here, and the common name 'desert beardtongue' sealed the deal. I put it in a large clay pot with a couple of trailing Sedums and a Dudleya caespitosa. The presence of the succulents should deter me from the temptations of watering.
In its promotional material for the sale, Spoons have made much of the fact that they are selling drinks at 1992 prices. And indeed, you can get a pint of Ruddles or a bottle of Becks for £1.29 And Carling is £1.99. But that’s your lot. Apart from coffee at 79p a cup. No wine or spirits offer and, in what seems to be the main rub, no discounted food deals.
I am guardian of freedom and the American way of life.
Morgen: It would be nice to have more time to do what we love best, to write, isn’t it? Although equally it’s great getting to chat to the readers directly. What advice would you give aspiring writers?
I do not want to take any legal drugs.
Stay the same weight, get heavier, lose weight, watch Final Destination III, and guess what? You're still going to die. Everyone dies in the long jog, no news there.
That's only partly true - I worked on it for a week, and got so frustrated that this project has been lying on my bench, absolutely untouched, for over a week now.
Get that tree topper on. Many of you probably wait until the very end to top the tree, but I like to put the topper on early in the decorating. Maybe because it gives me a sense of accomplishment? It's kind of a milestone when I know I still have a long way to go.
Last week I started a series of posts focusing on everything that makes a wedding, apart from the obvious- The bride & the groom. I started it off with my favorite and most dear to my heart, the children at weddings. So shall we continue...?
Today is my turn for a new weekly post for Skipping Stones Design called "FEATURE FRIDAY"....we Stamp Tramps LOVE all the cool, clever and funny sets Heather has created.....some of the older sets may have been a bit forgotten as she has introduced some of her new fabby sets, so......every Friday we will be highlighting an older set that we want you to be aware is still very fun, wonderful and available.
Yesterday saw some serious baking too, due to an uncontrollable and hormonal urge to eat vast quantities of cake!
Hope you all had a wonderful one! Enjoy the start of the week!
There you have it - beginning this weekend, Cookbook Sundays will be taking up residence here at Couscous & Consciousness. This will be a weekly event, and entries will be open for the whole week. Joining in every week is by no means compulsory - just join in whenever you feel like it. There are no complicated rules for joining in. Simply, your post must state the author and the title of the book your recipe has come from, and your post must link back to and mention the current week's Cookbook Sunday post. That's it really. Including the Cookbook Sunday badge is optional, but always appreciated. You may submit as many entries as you like, and you may use the same cookbook as many times as you like.
Warning: This post contains language that could be construed as advice. Proceed with caution.
A reasonably catchy “Introduction to Anarchism” via Religion, Royalty and Margaret
How much do want to bet that when the excrement impacts against the spinning blades of doom, Detroit big-wigs will be the first pigs muscling up to the federal trough squealing for a bail-out?
Stolik opened his mouth to reply, but was cut off by the piercing sob of the guide, who was now hurriedly pouring salt all around himself. He kept muttering ‘eretnik, eretnik.’ What did that mean? Heretic? Was this some kind of religious nonsense among Jews?
“Smart enough.”, I smiled back. It might just have been the ambiance, but i felt good somehow.
I looked everywhere. I couldn’t find her. I was determined to.
CINDER by Marissa Meyer. I haven't read the book yet (only the first chapter and that was WOW) but an ARC is on its way to me. It's basically Cinderella with Cyborgs! Sounds awesome, doesn't it?
I Am One Who harmonizes the earth element with your mind,
Sadly, as very few people are given the necessary tests in the UK to clarify whether they are suffering with neurological ME, the vast majority are given the label ‘CFS’ along with a nod from NICE to withhold further testing and treatment. After being 'labelled' incorrectly, patients are then offered inadequate treatment protocols such as a) antidepressants (only a small proportion of sufferers become depressed and this is usually in response to continued suffering from loss of health, loss of career with subsequent loss of income, loss of education, loss of home, loss of support, and continued ignorance from government officials, doctors, media and the public in general), b) pain killers and C) talk and graded exercise therapy (which can cause serious health repercussions to those patients with compromised hearts and circulatory systems (approximately 1/3 of sufferers)). Many patients are seriously ill and yet they are denied necessary testing and treatment. Consider what happens to a cancer or AIDS sufferer if left untreated? Would you suppose it ethical to deny them treatment? ME sufferers DO die from the condition, at least they die from complications arising from the condition (as is the case with AIDS). A diagnosis of CFS will always be a misdiagnosis and a diagnosis that results in the cessation of necessary testing and withholding of vital treatment. This is deeply unethical.
Now, I’m not saying every single thing I read or write should end sadly – far from it - but I am suggesting that, if this is a stipulation of the genre, we ought to bend it a bit, if not break it outright. Not every tale of our future selves ends well; we should be courageous and willing enough to explore that.
A spokesperson for the Kinkade family said the artist died at home in Los Gatos, Calif., apparently of natural causes.
I don't normally make resolutions. I'm not the best at sticking with things for the long term, so there's no doubt I'd give up on some fluffy resolution like "eat healthier" or "read more books" by mid-month. This year, I'm taking a different approach, with more focused goals. I think I might stand a chance. Here's what I'm shooting for in 2012:
WED. 9/24 - aka MAX BUDA @ THE OLD TOWNE PUB IN PASADENA, 9pm. Corner of Fair Oaks & Union, behind the big, ugly Container Store that invaded the parking lot and cast a permanent shadow on the Pub's patio several years ago. Enter thru alley off of Holly Ave. No cover, beer only (wine maybe?) Eclectic Jazzy Blues Rock from Chester, Jerry, Tedroy, Bruce, Pete, and Nick on noise-makers.
The same women who burned their bras in public as a sign of liberation are now those who dare not speak out against violence to women as brutal as the wearing of veils and female circumcision. This has certainly nothing to do with “liberation” The shameful attitude of those feminists clearly shows their moral standing.
It’s time to get fit AMERICA!!!
One day in the early nineties her husband came home with a desktop computer and sat her in front of it. “Now you have no more excuses,” he said, and she realized the truth in his words. Procrastination, now no longer an option, she took off on the pursuit of penning her first book. Though that book, a young adult fantasy, was lost due to unforeseen circumstances, she kept going, writing a historical romance, and another YA.
And I haven't even got to the bit at the end of the talk where Wells explains how to assemble a narrative out of multiple parallel 7-pointers, which is genius but speaks very much for itself.
Lust has taken plant in it
“We now find ourselves in a position where we are outvoted by 26 to 1. We are in a hopeless minority and yet we still have 75 per cent of our laws that run the United Kingdom made in these institutions,” said the politician. “Cameron’s not wishing to do this has now opened up the real debate in the UK about our European future.”Farage warns the UK against an “economic prison” similar to the one now faced by the Greek people, whose lives are now falling under the control of their creditors: the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank...via RT.com
The flavors all worked – slight sweet squash with earthy mushrooms and slightly-salted cheese. But the pasta wasn’t coated enough. Next time I would add more cooking liquid. This dish would gain a valuable boost from bacon. The squash makes it, though you could substitute other veggies, specifically leafy greens, for the mushrooms – Swiss chard and spinach come to mind.
@ 9:30am
So how is the public to know they’re reading garbage? Just throw in a vampire or a ghost or a serial killer or a few sex scenes and that’s enough to find an audience. And the agents and publishers know this. Don’t blame Amazon or anyone else, blame US.
"I can't say that."
-Angelfire by Courtney Allison Moulton
Makes 6 servings.
Poor intake of B vitamins is most often a problem in strict vegetarians and the elderly. People who frequently fast or diet may also benefit from B vitamin supplements. Vegans need to use brewer’s yeast or other sources of supplemental cobalamin, since the only natural sources are meats.
We called a friend to router the front and back pieces so we can use either side, 20min later he returns with beautifully edged wood. Thanks Jimmy!!
“He’s a sweetie, even though he tries to act like he’s not. All right, hon, let me get back to work. Good luck with your story.”
-A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Great Divide Espresso Yeti
It’s H’s birthday this month. No reason we can’t just go buy him a new computer? No he’d rather try to fix this one. He’s tired of losing all his photos, which happens each time we get a new computer. Some of his photos don’t get transferred. That’s the other problem, he has thousands of photos. I don’t know how big each one is, but according to the computer, he’s out of space. Maybe they can fix that problem too.
Please stop by the rest of the Sweet Sunday Stampers blogs to see their creations - maybe they didn't flip the sketch like me?! Remember to link your card on Karen's blog if you can play along with us this week.
two are made into one— outer
Ok the fab news is.......I WILL BE A GUEST DT FOR SCRAP SANITY!!!!! I tried out for the full-time DT and ended up getting a guest part!!! I was soooo shocked as I did not think I had a chance at any of it. A biggggg thank-you to Tiff Sawyer :)
Thanks for looking and all the Great comments! I hope everyone has a Beautiful Weekend!!
It also hurts when an article like this comes out, because with it, comes a lot of negative attention. Like this. That child was not misbehaving. He was acting like a 3 year old. He was sitting on that couch, with nothing to do, and asking for his mother's attention. Which she gave him. Yes, he was attached to his mom. But why is that turned into a bad thing? The only wrong thing I see while reading this article and watching the video, is how one sided that reporter is. She is attacking this mother's parenting. And by the way, I think the mother was doing a pretty amazing job at defending herself and explaining that while this parenting technique ISN'T FOR EVERYONE it does work for her.
Laid up in lavender
And you will know the name so sweet
 Vengeance – because so many of them hate Whites so much – will give them more and more opportunities to “take it out on,” “lord it over,” and punish Whitey.
The parents of two 25 year old British tourists murdered last year in Florida have expressed their opinion of the murderer and their appreciation on how the President of the United States conveyed his heartfelt regrets over over the loss of their loved ones at the hands of an insensate, cold-blooded killer.
step 5: Add more text on another layer. We can't forget the groom, so we'll make sure the text tool is selected and create a new text layer by clicking somewhere else in the photo. (Just for the fun and frustration of it, try clicking near a word you have already typed and it will snap back to that layer instead of creating a new one. If this ever happens, you can avoid it by holding "Shift" while clicking.) When the text is highlighted you can move it wherever you like (your cursor will become a move tool when it's outside the highlighted part—just click and drag).
A pretty apartment
Dreamville, New Mexico by Giant Sand
FUTURE ACADEMICIANS:
I woke peacefully as normal on Friday morning and saw an unexpected text message on my phone from the night before. It was from someone I once knew that no longer talks with me. I could only see a little of the message because it was sent to the email address associated with my phone number and included a title, but I could see enough that made it obvious that it was about me, but apparently intended to be sent to someone else. Therefore, many thoughts went through my head of what must have happened. Since it was a reply to one of my old texts she must have tried to send it to a friend or other person just to bash me in some way. Or……. it’s some kind of game that would fit perfectly with her personality and daily strategies. I believe it was bashing me to someone though and suggested I was replying to her poetry with my poems. What the…..??? So, now my mind has to be distracted as I worry that tyrannical thoughts will conclude whatever I write is for that person? One thing the message definitely confirmed is that I’m being watched daily and very closely. This fact bothered me for the first half of Friday, but I was later able to laugh it off and take it as a reminder of all I’m NOT missing. I’ll continue to write without the worry of misconceptions. Also, I’ll appreciate even more about all I have in my life now.
To wit, there are numerous tactics hunters use to land gators, most of which are dependent on the elements of the Happy Hunting Grounds. Some folks, especially those who hunt shallow, weedy areas, prefer a run-and-gun style. They spotlight red eyes and floor it to that location and try to spear or arrow the gator. Or track their bubbles and pitch snatch lines provided the vegetation isn't so thick that it hangs hooks.
The trend could change the insurance industry, which has traditionally been a follow-the-leader market.
On my reread this week, I was impressed by the way that Pike conveys main character Ilonka's desperation, denial and eventual acceptance without ever sensationalising her experience or resorting to cheap sentimentality. He manages to capture a sense of the way a person gradually says goodbye to the world of the living that's quite definitely about their journey rather than those they're leaving behind.
Yup, you read right Cheeseburger Saturday! I eat pretty well during the week but during the weekend I need at least one greasy meal complete with french fries. So we went to In 'N Out. It did not disappoint.
Organized protests
However, there are two other leads, one in Park Rynie and one in Umkomaas (all nearby) that we're looking into, so all hope is certainly not lost!!
- We took a mini vacation to Green Bay to visit friends. It was very pretty up there in Wisconsin.
At first sight this is a classically produced Parsifal with only several counterpoints that the conservative critics apparently liked. A couple examples of these counterpoints: the knights do not wear armor but are the modern men wearing suits, the community is not lost in a desolate forest but trying to survive in an empty lifeless space... Other than that it is a totally narrative staging with several spectacular images that are beautiful, not overcharged, stylish and perfectly toned as to lett the music make its impact on the crowd.
It's very kind
“When we looked at the calendar last fall, our goal for June 1st was to make sure that the kids had turned in all their equipment.” …
They are born into this generation of cyberspace. You should see how fast kids scan a computer screen and come up with what's relavent. I have to turn away from them when I do any screen work because they are all eyes. Passwords are power. Mote than once Tio has cracked my simpler 4 digit phone codes. How? He was a 12 year old with an afternoon, access to my phone, and nothing better to do.
"It's just taking the idea of this shoes that have a life of
Grand prize: The most creative-themed list will win dinner for two at 10 different Santa Monica restaurants including Whist, Cezanne and Jiraffe!
Thursday. Friday, and Saturday.
It's that time of year again. I've asked some of my author friends to give me their best lines. Below you will find a mixture of great books. If you just have to read more, never fear, I've included the links below the covers.
destiny is for you with your eyes sparkling
A moment later, he leaned over and said – “But you know, three seconds is a long time.”
I'm not a gardener, but I do love a garden and well manicured garden pots and plantings. Having a full-time gardener is on my life list of wants. These classic looking garden pots from Pennoyer Newman are made in New York from lightweight resign and pummeled marble and rock and then cast. They were amazingly lightweight, yet they claim they won't age or crack if left outside in the winter.
Home, where my thoughts escapin', home, where my music's playin'
Unfulfilled because instead of waking in the morning and meeting with my creator...I log onto Facebook.
Also, everyone is encouraged to cross over and explore other mediums, so we have poets taking acting classes or playwrights sitting in on children's lit electives or poetry readings. The cross-pollination is rich and provides for a truly unique creative experience.
Chrystopher: Gable had the physical advantage of looking big because he was big: six feet and usually around 200 pounds. He was fairly imposing in a landscape and in a crowd without having to work on it. However, you also should remember that he’d had a lot of training in how to use his physique in just the right way at the right time without appearing to be doing that. He could be quite subtle physically; he could even be quite menacing. People forget that in many of his early films he was cast as a villain exactly because of that powerful, purring, big-cat menace he had. Even in Gone With the Wind, in the scene where he comes up behind Vivien Leigh when she’s sitting at her dressing table and demonstrates how he could crush her skull with his hands, you can see that his hands actually do fit right over her head and he’s thoroughly believable. On the other hand, he was also very well-mannered, completely charming and a good listener, and he had developed that technique of connecting with you in a crowded room as if you and he were the only two people there. I’ve talked to people who had exactly that experience on meeting him.
Silk flowers from the dollar store
I'm pleased to say that it lived up to my vague but positive memory of renting it back in '90. Although clearly a very low-budget film, it has a smart and genuinely witty screenplay that keeps you guessing almost until the end, strong B-movie performances from Forster, Robert Davi (Licence To Kill) and leading actress Hilary Shepard (a lovely woman who really should have had a bigger screen career), and amazing stunt work of the kind you rarely see today, even in big-budget studio flicks.
If it so happens that we’ll relive another Irish ‘summer’, I’ve invested in some back-up threads. Next to my diaphanous floaty tunics are some slick-as-Rick tribal and animal print ponchos (£55) from Rainwave.co.uk. One hundred per cent waterproof and kitted out with their own travel bag, these bad boys stick two manicured fingers up to the sky. Sure, I’ll be grumbling, my tan may have faded but dammit I’ll look fabulous!
What I think I was trying to say when I started is this: Don’t be intimidated by the idea that you must outline. Don’t think you can’t start the novel you’ve been dreaming about because you have no clue how it’s going to end. Go with what is comfortable for you and find your way. By all means, try outlining because it is a wonderful tool, but don’t lock yourself into the thinking that you have to follow it once it’s there. Nothing is cast in stone, everything is malleable Thenwhen the creative juices flow and the words pound at the inside of your skull demanding to be set free, you can give them the outlet they need, hammering away at your keyboard or pouring from your pen. Whatever you do, just keep writing and let the outlines take care of themselves.
“Hey buddy,” he said to me.
And Hermes with his flying feet
her audience, and it didn't spawn many chart-toppers.
15. Davis Bacon Act Certification
Swing
I’ll find you when
Sorry I've been gone for a few days everyone, I've been a bit busy working. Claire and I think we'll be ready to set up shop by the middle of August or failing that the beginning of September and we're so excited! Eeeh!
2. Connections were made: To me, that’s the real value of a TweetUp; connecting with folks in real-time. Business cards were flying everywhere! That was one of the intentions when we came up with this idea last year, for some like-minded folks to come together and share. Now we just need a few more cool folks to come out…
In fact, it was her idea.
I used a single punched bloom to make the buds and then just tucked a McGill Starburst punched from card stock in the middle.
During this period I discovered Teh Interwebz. I don't mean this was the first time I ever surfed the net - I mean it's the first time I was ever captivated by it. And what captivated me was not internet shopping or YouTube, but the corner of the net devoted to YA writing. It was like a whole other world for me, a world where YA writers weren't working all alone in their tiny boxroom in their damp, building-site houses, with a permanent cough (I was later diagnosed as asthmatic) and going days without speaking to anyone but their dog or people who had phoned them at their crappy office job to shout at and verbally abuse them. A world where YA writers were slap in the middle of a community that seemed full of kindred spirits and dear friends. I watched their vlogs, I read their reviews on Goodreads, I laughed at their funny blogs. I told myself that I found their success inspiring and that they helped me to keep positive and keep working.
A dream can change and grow and you will grow too in a way,
If I could have one wish, it would be a cure for all cancer. If I could have two wishes, the second would be for a sugar free Red Bull without Aspartame.
Arthur Devereux was wounded during the Battle of Antietam but upon his return in November 1862, he received command of the regiment and he led them into action on the fields of Gettysburg. The 19th Massachusetts was instructed by General Hancock to stop the Confederate assault on July 3rd on Cemetery Ridge.
This booklet also shows how the indigenous people of Britain are fully protected by the United Nations Charter on Indigenous Peoples from “dispossession of their territory” through “mass population transfers” and from “forced integration and assimilation” and “destruction of their identity and culture” (all according to the United Nations).
for the display of his splendor.
As per my usual methods the CD was ripped with EAC to the FLAC format and includes the EAC made LOG file and CUE Sheet file. I also made a M3U PlayList file and provide high quality artwork scans (actually just the CD cover this time around). The MP3 was created from the FLAC files using 'Easy CD-DA Extractor' and includes all the other files as well (the LOG and CUE and M3U and artwork scans).
Once the chicken wings are grilled to perfection, transfer them to the chefs pan with the sauce.
for joining us and we will continue to talk. We’ll stay in close
Why don't you ask her?
My thyroid. It’s funky and with the 55 lbs gone it’s changed but not for the good, yet. So he upped my dose and in 6 month go back for a lab test to see if that helps. So if it does it means no more thinning hair, a normal sleep pattern will come back, I won’t be so stressed feeling when really like if pretty good. Things will even out. Okay, I can handle that so the next things we talked about…
I'm in a bit of snit today. I woke up at 1 am with sinuses all agitated and was up til 4:30 am reading. It was ok, being this is my day off. Woke up again at 8 am, knit and read some blogs for awhile. Duane got up and after that I cleaned the bird cage and vacuumed the living room.
The cliché horror also known as the American dream is no doubt one of Mad Men’s most pertinent themes. However, even still it is just the beginning. Human nature is examined and criticized heavily. The show itself is manipulative, while simultaneously conveying these manipulative characters. As a viewer of the show, you cannot help but root for these characters. For the most part they are indeed horrible people, but deep down we know that they are no better than we are. The people of the show only look out for themselves. It is easy to scoff at this, to say it is horrible and self righteous. But, in retrospect, is that not the way we all live? Can we honestly say that we disregard our own advancement when making decisions? Mad Men points out these human flaws which are quite obvious but never admitted, and we slowly begin to accept them. Self advancement, consumerism, and manipulation all prove to be even more overriding themes of the series. And they are arguably even more applicable to life today.
Trim Size: 8-1/2 x 10
A: I write Jane Austen adaptations/sequels, as well as Regency Romance. As far as the Jane Austen books, my career began with my Advanced Placement English Language and Composition class. I was explaining to the class the nuances of dating in Regency England. In the midst of my explanation, I spoke of the many Austen-inspired novels I had read, giving my personal critique of whether the author achieved what I believed to be a viable continuation of Austen’s tales. When I remarked about tossing a particular title across the room in disgust, one of my students said, “If you know how to do this, why not do it yourself?” At first, I laughed with the possibility, but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense. I wrote Darcy’s Passions, a retelling of Pride and Prejudice from Mr. Darcy’s point of view. I never thought it the first step of a new career. Permitting the students to edit (Cringe!!!) and to do the cover art, I self published the book. It was a way of saying, “I met your challenge, now you must meet mine” to my students. The Amazon sales were strong, and Ulysses Press contacted me. I have published works with them since 2007.
Phreak: Great. I knew I should’ve asked for Teemo buffs when I had the chance.
Stamps/Images: Rose Bloom Digital Stamp Set
2. What inspires you?
4 tablespoons butter, melted
chillies till fragrant. Add beef, wine and dark soy sauce and stir evenly.
Want to go all out and be an extreme minimalist that lives a self sustaining lifestyle off the land and off the grid?
3. When the chicken is thoroughly cooked, serve immediately on a bed of crispy salad.
Give Rose rose-seller a run for her money
ilegal...who’s to stop you from playing for your own pleasure in a park?
Choose to live a life of love.
Model Train Track – What Your Train Rides On
Eisenhower lacked all of these. His Army career did not train him for the methods of political power. He disliked political gamesmanship. He sought national unity rather than any substantive goals. His self-confidence depended upon his self-image as a statesman who stayed above the fray, and thus failed to help him assess the power stakes in his choices.
I have been using a very soft water profile for my pislners. The last two batches I brewed using 100% distilled water with minimal salt/mineral additions. For this batch I used 30% distilled water mixed with my already relatively soft tap water. In the mash I added a small amount of CaCl for calcium and 1ml of lactic acid to lower the mash pH.
As you can see it isn't opaque, it's quite patchy. Having said that it isn't bad, the coverage for the most part is fair, no worse than the average lipstick but certainly not any more opaque than average.
We painted another piece of silk in a circular gradation from light to dark. The idea was to fuse a single organic image graded from dark to light on top of the silk. By this time, however, my silk was chattering away and made sure I could see it was a galaxy. And it wanted space ships. Pink and blue space ships.
3. Trials
Drinking: anything iced. Iced Mocha (only on weekends since I have to pay for these), Iced Chai, Iced Netttle Tea, Iced Green Tea, Iced Hibiscus Tea, Iced Pineapple Lychee. So refreshing and a nice change from plain water. Looking for recommendations for good combos. Any suggestions?
This two-part TV miniseries by the famous (and famously prolific) German director—an adaptation of Daniel F. Galouye's influential novel Simulacron-3—was first broadcast in Germany in 1973 and maybe screened only once in the U.S. until last month, when it played a widely publicized week-long run at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. That's where I saw the film—at least, after waiting on a rush line for an hour and hoping and praying I wasn't too far back in the line to be turned away. Boy, am I so glad I was not! What an endlessly inventive and intellectually stimulating film this is: the kind of great science fiction that momentarily makes you wonder about the world around you—what's real, what's a simulacrum, and the like—while not shortchanging visual and human interest.
These are the most important moments in your life.
The point I’m making here is that the Orange River Valley region in the Northern Cape shows a fairly large region, scattered with a predominant White population, but yet that region is left out from most proposals.
while I would love to say that this trip is just a nice mini-vacation, that's not the real purpose behind it.
Our schedules just meshed for a meet up and
So today Im just a uni bum, designing graphics of womens legs for a paper aeroplane squadron themed around shoes. And I’ll probably fall asleep in my Accounting lecture. Tonight I’ll go home and iron my skirt and make my lunch, prep for my meetings and travel back to the land of the corporate.
It is sad to watch the garden fading into winter, but at least we don’t have to say goodbye. Spring will return, as naturally as the sun will rise tomorrow morning. All we have to do is get the garden prepped so that it can rest until its renewal a few months from now. Here is a to-do list that will help you prepare your garden for its winter’s nap.
Your welcome, America.
BLOOD OATH
Just as God has been changing and growing me, I'm sure He is doing the same in your life. The Lord will guide you into His Truth through whatever person, whatever means, whatever venue He sees that you need. If you have interest in reading what the Lord lays on my heart, please consider subscribing to my web blog: LauraLeeShaw.com. I post on there 2-4 times a week, depending on time. I also post short messages once or twice a day on my Twitter page, as well as my professional Facebook page. Also, if you need a speaker for your moms', women's or ministry team group, please don't hesitate to contact me. All of that info is at LauraLeeShaw.com.
CAGE: And then she was murdered.
Every year my friends and I participate in our school's Relay for Life to benefit the American Cancer Society. The presentation before the Luminaria ceremony is always very moving, as photos of our classmates and our classmates' loved ones who have passed and who have survived are flashed up on the screen to tear-jerking music. The tears were coming with each picture but particularly, every time I saw a face on the screen who had died young my eyes welled up, thinking how much life they could have had left if it wasn't for this terrible disease. I was also struck by how many familiar faces from college's parents had died or have been affected by cancer. Though I had not known many of these people personally, they were the people I see every day walking to class or waiting in line in the cafe. It's incredible how much you may not know about a stranger, how many people are walking around with a burden on their shoulders and not letting it show.
At first it was one of those WWDD moments (what would Dracula do) where there was an amusing mental image of such annoyances disappearing in a flutter of cape fabric. But then I realized this was actually a beautiful, cosmic validation of what I’m trying to do here. There is a niche and a need for books like this one. Like I said in the “Vampire Diet” introduction…this is creating the book I wish I could have read a long time ago.
Amazon.com believes it is censorship not to sell certain titles because we believe their message is objectionable. Therefore, we'll continue to make controversial works available in the United States and everywhere else, except where they're
Temporary Services' project is definitely relational. They didn't just produce a newspaper; they recruited people nationwide to help distribute it, and they invited everyone interested to take the ball and run with it – to use the newspaper as a springboard to create their own exhibitions, discussions, or events. Their goal is to create and modify relationships – in particular, to inspire us to combine our creativity and other strengths to bring greater fairness to art workers and others, creating or modifying relationships not only among ourselves but within society at large.
Robert Holbrook Smith was born August 8, 1879 in the family home at Central and Summer Streets in St. Johnsbury, Vermont. Judge and Mrs. Walter Perrin Smith were his parents. The Judge had a distinguished career as Probate Judge, state’s attorney, state legislator, superintendent of St. Johnsbury schools, director of one bank, and president of another. He died in 1918; and he had taught Sunday school for 40 years! Dr. Bob’s mother was said to have felt “that the way to success and salvation lay through strict parental supervision, no-nonsense education, and regular spiritual devotion.”
I make the low fat version and it tastes awesome. You don't feel as guilty eating a ton of it either. Plus the turkey pepperoni is less greasy than regular pepperoni and is better for your dip.
But then something happened to turn that happy cycle on its ear…Pinterest.
That is an order list from GTS Distribution, and we cannot confirm the accuracy of the release date. We can, however, use the potential of a Marvel Superstars “Support Kit” to launch us into a preview of our favorite current curve. These are the Supporters that we like most at each drop so far.
Graham Cracker Wafers and Nanaimo Bars
While the patients generally worship local ‘small’ gods in their own villages, at Gunaseelam, they are required to worship the ‘big’ or Brahmanic god Venkatachalapatty, which belongs to an upper-caste model of religion. Concerns have been raised by activists that freedom of religious expression would be impinged upon by government intervention at religious sites, yet my research at Gunaseelam found no evidence to support this. The majority of people in India readily adapt to worshipping other deities for specific purposes, and the patients and carers at Gunaseelam did not believe their usual practices and beliefs were constrained. They expressed a willingness to worship Venkatachalapathy while at the temple, and deemed him to be a ‘powerful’ god, and firmly believed that he had more power to cure them than medicine.
We've been having some great times just hanging out together, playing with toys, reading books, and trying new foods. These days it seems Burkley does something new every single day. This week he's been imitating us more and more, whether it's silly noises, animal sounds, new words like "nigh-nigh" (when going to bed or nap), new signs (today he did "potty" for the first time), or just being all around silly, he really is a hoot. He's been climbing up and down our staircase independently too...which he's sort of been able to do for awhile now, but we've always hovered over him. Now, he does it when we're not looking...and is just fine.
“New Jersey’s two US senators, Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez, followed that up with their own news release heaping praise on the nominee.What no one mentioned is that McNulty, 57, was the last-minute choice of Lautenberg, who had been leaning toward other candidates until surprisingly submitting McNulty’s name to the White House. Lautenberg and his aides have given no public explanation for the decision to go with McNulty even though the latter had never been publicly touted as a contender for the job, which carries life tenure and a $174,000-a-year salary.”No one knows why he did it,” said one person involved in the nomination process. “Everyone thinks it’s all about 2014 and Frank making sure he has Chuck in his corner.”The White House declined to comment, as did McNulty.
SEC. 54. The following described persons or their legal successors in right, occupying lands in the Philippines, or claiming to own any such land or interest therein but whose titles to such land have not been perfected may apply to the Court of Land Registration of the Philippine Islands for confirmation of their claims and the issuance of a certificate of title therefor to wit –
Gingrich: this is the most fundamental
STUDY III
"I'm making my debut as a runway model, walking in the MUGLER PARIS FASHIONSHOW 3/2. I directed the show music, previewing Government Hooker."
I came to know about this recipe from my neighbor - Mrs. Sowmya Bharat, am happy to mention her name in this post that she's more then a friend of mine n she's such a lovely person whom i met my life.
- 1 green pepper, chopped
Did you watch my goofy video from yesterday’s post yet? Yeah, yeah I hear y’all…you feel sorry for my hubby & all that…whatever…he loves us and puts up with us so its all good…sometimes he acts like a grumpy elf but we love him anyways. AND YES my son laughs just like Anderson Cooper….click here to listen to Anderson (if you never saw this video of Anderson I DARE you to not laugh cuz its funny even the 100th time you watch it & scroll down to watch the video from yesterday. All I have to say is that we know how to entertain ourselves very EASILY in the Dean family LMBO!!
I’m twenty-two years old.
Next up this morning is a trip to the suburbs for a wedding shower. I tasked JW with wrapping the gift in my absence, since I was running on a tight schedule, and also because I am terrible at wrapping even the simplest of boxes.
"You had great support from 65,000 South Africans here today, the interviewer said, referring to the capacity of the packed stadium.
See below for a synopsis from the movie’s production notes:
In case something goes wrong and you cannot startup your computer successfully without a blue screen error message or some other failure follow these next set of instructions. Upon startup tap F8 continuously even when you do not see anything on the screen to open your ‘Advanced Startup’ menu. From this menu you will see the option for safe made, debugging mode, normal mode, and last known good configuration. Select the ‘last known good configuration’ from this menu to start windows in the last configuration that worked. This will fix a problem or error that has just occurred.
Before that, though, we were treated to something a little different and something many (if not most) country pub restaurants would be shocked to find on a menu. Mark had taken eight litres of James Squire Pilsner down to his sorbet/ice cream producer and returned with the most luscious, creamy but sharp pilsner sorbet you could imagine. The sorbet shone well enough as a palate cleanser on its own but then the beer just seemed to appear from nowhere as the sharpness and sweetness began to fade. Just the right level of bitterness then washed over the tongue to cleanse leaving the unmistakable memory of fine malted brew.
1/4-1/2 cup grated onion (depending on your tastes)
Question: This is that scary time of year again, full of ghosts, witches, pumpkins -- and sugary bags of trick-or-treat candy. A fun time for kids and adults can be a disastrous time for pets who share those bags of treats, landing them at the vet's office or emergency clinic. What kind of health emergencies do see most often during the Halloween holiday?
The reasons for this are clear; the petitioner wanted and needed money, and thus needed to convince the authorities that their need was special. They make interesting reading not just for the language of sickness, but for the ways that it could be deliberately deployed.
Indian lady: “Is that the spiritual master still guiding after the death?
Where I went wrong?
Christian View:
Not being fully aware of my pace doomed me early! At the 1 mile mark I was at 6:50! Folks, for me, this is TERRIBLE!!! Most runners aim to do what’s called negative splitting; which basically means you start off running slow and pick up speed as you go to prevent from burning yourself out early. This would have been great for someone with my goal who negative splits, unfortunately I do the opposite! I start off like a bat out of hell and endure the pain of trying to maintain it! My 1st mile of a good, long run is around 6 minutes even; so 1 mile into the race and I was already 50 sec off and without a system to track my overall pace!
The Well-Planned Day planner is a tool I use every single day, homeschooling or not. I’m so glad I found this resource and only wish I’d had it sooner!
Today I feel better again, so I got up with the greatest of intentions. Well, we all know what the road to Hell is paved with, right?
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
We’re on a walk. Gussie starts howling before I even hear the siren. He’ll stop sniffing or pulling on the lead ( always has to be in the front of our pack) and then throw his head back and wooo-ooo, whooo. He thoroughly indulges himself in his primal howl response. The Empress on the other hand doesn’t stop her fox-like trotting. She stops and looks around her when the sirens (ambulance only) are next to us, then she’ll do a quick wooo-ooo, stop and look around like, who howled? “You did, little dog”, I tell her. Not me her foxy trot says, and don’t be mean calling me a dog . If she had a mane to toss over her shoulder, she did.
“At a certain point,” Mr. Obama said in an interview in the Cabinet Room at the White House with ABC’s Robin Roberts, “I’ve just concluded that for me personally, it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married.”
9:45 AM update – Yes, we were out in this craziness… Luke is scared out of his furry pants… By the way if any brave soul wants to help me pull weeds at the Old Baldwin trailhead I’ll be down there at 9:30 AM tomorrow (Saturday). Bring gloves.
I do the bare minimum of housework required to keep our apartment fit for playing and exploring and eating and sleeping. Which is probably even less than you think it is. It still does bother me at times, when my home is really messy, but I wouldn't trade the kids or the fun I have with them for a clean house. Although, if we ever get rich, I might just look into getting that second house. It could be nice.
I cleaned him up and the rest of the time went well, but I felt like I was just waiting on pins and needles for some other horrible thing to happen, like a bee sting or a broken arm or possibly a tornado.
Stuff that weakens national security and endangers our men and women in the military not to mention every American citizen at broad or here at home.
06. Wang Wang Blues (Mueller-Busse-Johnson) 2:38
I'm looking forward to seeing more as the Papertrey festivities continue :)
- Cabot’s Clothbound Aged Cheddar
This nonsense is simply another example of why the press in this country is so detested. I think they have now overtaken politicians as the least admired sector within society. Led by the remarkable unpleasant Today programme with the awful Humphreys and Mcnaughtie they should be ashamed of themselves.
There’s plenty of enthusiasm in Brooklyn come the first week of December. The kids are looking forward to their 10-day holiday from school and the borough’s workers are dreaming of the gifts they’re going to give and receive.
11. i can eat a whole bag of chips by myself!! regular lay's please!
Pulis has stated he wants four more new players before the transfer window closes on 5pm Tuesday 1st September. Arsimendi and Collins look set to be two of these with rumours of Man City’s Petrov, Jermaine Jenas (Tottenham) and Gary O’Neil (Middlesboro) among the names being banded about on the Oatcake and Teamtalk MB’s.
“I cooked some beef today because it was on sale and I hadn’t had any in a while. I was going to cook a nice chicken curry with rice but then realized that it was going to be just me and I needed to eat that beef because it was starting to stink. It needed some salt, so I salted it. I’d say it was pretty okay because I didn’t get all that sick.”
Either the end of the world was going to go down, or all of our precious information from bank accounts to government secrets stored in computers was going to go into oblivion. One thing was for certain. Global chaos would ensue.
Yovanoff shines in her second novel, and I can't wait for the third. According to her blog, it's called Paper Valentine and will be out in 2013.
Difficult
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the most up to date on current events. But when a topic comes a long that has everyone a buzz and has the potential to impact my daily browsing routine I make it my business to get informed. So what's the current topic that has everyone up in arms, and even shut down sites like Wikipedia and Oh No They Didn't (both very informative websites!), SOPA. SOPA, Stop Online Piracty Act, and PIPA, Protect IP Act, are a pair of anti-piracy bills that will be voted on by US Senate. Typically I would start my quest for information with Wikipedia but since they are dark today, I have to go to my other BFF Google to learn more.
First, I thought of the words “I almost died” before I thought of the particular incident. Next, I was going to share with you an incident from my adulthood, but then I chose to use an incident involving me as a child. (Why? Well, this story just seemed like it would be a lot of fun to tell!)
Rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars … A very easy read but is definitely better the second time.
For example, using a linear sequence from our above sample for the number 1 you would have 1,2,3,4,5,6,7, then 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 and then 1 through 30 etc.
LAst weeks Assignment:
While we realise this will be disappointing for our eligible policyholders, it does reflect the nature of the current exceptional investment market conditions. We expect to be able to update policyholders in the next few months."
None of these states have the kind of hype associated with them as does Mr Modi’s Gujarat, which is often called the most business friendly state in India. So is Gujarat really the “breakout” state that Mr Modi wants the world to believe?
You’ve worked too hard to plant, weed and nurture your dreams to burn them down with negative words, leaving only a waste land of smoldering ashes. Determine today to EXCHANGE your NEGATIVE talk with POSITIVE words of life and blessing. In the words of Smokey the Bear, “Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires!”
vibration as others continue to do the right thing by you.. Treating
“Ooh, yeah, if we want to touch on the super-sensitive topic of S-E-X,” continued Khairul, whispering the letters S, E and X, “then here’s OKC’s principle: we think kids should NOT engage in any sexual activities or even be exposed to it! HAH! That should rile up some children’s rights activists, yes?” he laughed.
1/2 liter low fat milk
But what's important is little froggy is ok!
Celebrating Your Sensitive Child
Click picture above to enlarge.
Now, a good example of what I mean by authority is in the story of Mother Teresa. There is a city not too far from Eastern University where they have a state hospital. In the state hospital they have people who are emotionally and psychologically disturbed. It’s a huge place. Well, the directors of the hospital wanted to start these halfway houses so that people who were on their way to full recovery could be nurtured from the hospital back into society, by first going to these halfway houses and from there they could get jobs and, little by little, own their own residences. It was a transition stage and that’s why they wanted these five halfway houses. Needless to say, the people in the city weren’t particularly thrilled with the possibility of this prospect. There was a city council meeting. The place was packed. Five hundred people plus squeezed into this hall, yelling and screaming their opposition to the halfway houses. They didn’t want the, quote unquote,“crazies” living in their neighborhood.
While I don't buy into the notion that Authonomy can help writers build readership--a few hundred reader recommendations hardly constitutes a following--I agree that showcasing a manuscript online is probably not an issue, as long as it's not being promoted for sale. The notion that merely by posting your manuscript online you exhaust your first publishing rights dates back to the early days of the Internet, when the concept of electronic rights was brand-new and it wasn't clear what sort of competition they might present to print rights. I doubt that many editors these days would be greatly bothered. (A more relevant question, in my opinion, is how bothered they might be that you’d posted your manucript on a website sponsored by a rival publisher--especially if you’re currently submitting your manuscript elsewhere.)
Kung Hei Fat Choi!
When I first set out to craft an engaging story, my mind didn’t automatically jump to the Zombie genre. At the moment, it’s a bandwagon full of offerings with fans joining the ranks in exponential numbers. Zombies are popular at the moment; there is no doubt about it. The difference with Days with the Undead is that in the beginning I started out to write a story about survival. The perfect backdrop for that story just happened to be a Zombie Apocalypse and I’m not going to lie, the genre is one of my favourites.
of our Lord and Saviour
Blaine Kern is the self-proclaimed "Mr. Mardi Gras" and biggest float manufacturer in the world. His warehouse is open to the public and showcases the larger-than-life props used on Mardi Gras parade floats.
· National High Speed Rail Authority to be set-up.
The AG's opinion seems to suggest a (questionable) watertight subdivision between IP rights and data protection. It seems that the AG excludes any (natural) reciprocal interference unless expressly provided. Further, the AG's opinion apparently underestimates the circumstance that, although requested by a private party, the access to personal data is ordered by a judge. Would the AG apply the same kind of test to other areas of EU law?
After I had sanded until my arm felt like it was going to fall off, I applied a coat of Minwax's water-based Polycrylic Protective Finish in Clear Semi Gloss. (To read why, see my sewing cabinet makeover.)
Very curious to see who we get next!
After I left you yesterday I tackled some parts of my to-do list, including going through 143 emails and calling my PR person to talk through some of the things swirling through my brain. After that call, as the rest of the crew headed to the beach, I spent an hour going through my new product website with a fine tooth comb so that the website builder can finalise work and I can sign off and take over managing the site. I then wandered down the 200 bush stairs to the beach to join the family for an hour. I swear it was only five minutes later that we were packing up our stuff and heading back to the apartment for an early lunch. I used that time for a couple more to-dos and to rest a churning stomach.
Take away: Talk to the audience before you start; this is the best way to assuage nerves if you’re uncomfortable. Ask questions. Maybe do a poll on favorite genre, how they know you, favorite character (particularly if you have an Edward/Jacob setting), or maybe how far they drove to come. The people coming to a book signing want to feel known even if it’s only a small way.
The question: are these enterprise clients really the future of mobile social in the workplace? Or are today’s consumer services now too popular and too pervasive to be supplanted? As we have seen with the Bring Your Own Device revolution, workers do not like having tools they do not like shoved down their throats. To succeed, enterprise clients will have to be as powerful and comfortable as the best consumer services.
Happily married to an extraordinary Choctaw woman, Leticia Marie, since December, 2008.
Just outside of the south carolina mortgage refinancing a protected report. Id. A South Carolina whistleblowers who are involved in mortgage fraud prosecution, to not testify if any part of a report, a public university located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. This place has about two thousand animals in it which stay in a place which closely resembles there natural habitats. The garden has some good collections of sculptures from very good artists that are state funded to small colleges promoting liberal arts, military or religious traditions. College sports are very low compared to the south carolina mortgage refinancing and bank fraud criminal conviction can have important consequences in how a case is handled. A white collar criminal defense attorney. The 5th Amendment protection for a corporation. Obviously, if a defendant has been indicted or arrested for declining to answer these sorts of questions.
An old design i had planned for MOGC. This template allows full stretch of the orange header part to fit any browser size, hint the “stretch”. There is only one region on this template you can edit after you add your links in, it is designed this way so that it allows lower skilled people to use and make this template work easier.
Keep in mind, you can't believe everything Urban Dictionary says, especially when it comes to my name, but this all sounds about right.
I got into quite a drawing roll this time around and am really happy with what I have to share with you today. These are my new digital images. Just click on any that you are interested in and it will take you right to their listing in the Whimsy store:
Based on the council’s record, no vehicles were towed at 10.30pm and none in Beach Street as alleged by Ooi.
A single cloud hangs in the sky over San Francisco Bay, like a rip in a blue curtain. Vivek Ranadivé, the CEO of a $4 billion software company, Tibco Software Inc. — and also the co-owner of the Golden State Warriors in the NBA — drives his black Mercedes S600 over the low bridge from Palo Alto to Oakland. And because the sky is unmarked except for that one spectacular little cloud and the morning fog is gone until tomorrow, it is as if he’s gliding across a huge blue screen. The scene looks choreographed: the Silicon Valley visionary driving to an important meeting on a perfect day, talking about ideas as big as the heavens.
Brown boots - Belk's, gifted 2011
Any way, it is about a princess who was deemed ordinary, was told all her life she was ordinary and subsequently believed she was ordinary. The King and Queen are mortified that they produced such an ordinary daughter and try to marry her off by any means possible, to a “suitable” suitor. So off she runs into the forest and away from the pressures of court life, snobbery and cutting remarks. In the forest she finds she can be herself. She is happy and she is with people who are warm, accommodating and love her for her.
The cases are never reported, the law never takes them seriously and the fear of social stigma makes them more vulnerable to further abuse.
One of my birthday pressies from Mr Little P was a voucher to join him on a Hot Air Balloon ride that he had managed to book for the actual ‘big day’ itself. Brownie points scored for booking the flights, arranging for the smallies to be looked after by the grandparents, packing a surprise picnic complete with champagne, etc. All we had to do was turn up….
The study shows income and pension gains and a decade of low inflation have meant all family types are relatively better off, including working families with children, pensioners, high-income earners, and even families in the lowest income quartile.
Dishes, glasses, pots and tumbled from the cupboards and crashed to the floor. The sink faucet snapped; water erupted from the ruptured spout and drenched the crumbling ceiling. The window over the sink exploded, showering her with glass. A shard gashed her cheek; warm blood rolled down her face.
Photos by C.A.T. founder Lisa Maher.
I store all of my buttons, beads, charms, eyelets, brads, etc in the little containers from the fishing department that have small compartments in them. I can stack them all easily on a shelf in one of my cabinets. I keep them seperated...one for buttons, one for charms, etc. I can then pull out all of my buttons at one time to choose what I want to use and then easily put it back when I am done.
When the children are not around me the days seem to go by so slow.
How come so many rpg parties set something on fire, steal stuff or start breaking and entering? I was just earlier this week, or the week before (I don't remember) listening to a podcast where someone suggested it's always just a matter of time before the PC set something on fire. It didn't take long for one of my players to suggest it. But, instead they trespassed on private property doing some old school breaking and entering.
Jacob M. Myers, I and Ii Esdras: Introduction, Translation and Commentary, The Anchor Bible (Garden City, NJ: Doubleday, 1974).
“The data show no discernible difference in bearing wear between when we started and when we finished,” remarked Dan DeLong. “I call that a success.”
And Bloomberg could offer a theory about inequality in this country, one that certainly would become controversial should he follow the entreaties of columnist Thomas Friedman and reconsider running for president as an independent.
1. Timing your eats around your exercise:
This year the surprise, which wasn’t really completed until the end of the ski season, was the completion of our Legacy Bike Path which means that we can ride out or door to the next sizable town, Ogden, some forty miles away on dedicated bike path the whole way. These changes and surprises don’t occur without a lot of activism and hard work on the part of many of our citizens. In the case of the train to the library, it was felt by many, that since the free fare zone extended farther to the south than it did to the east, the eastern boundary was created in order to deny free access to the library train to people who lived in the homeless shelter downtown. This was unfair on the face of it since the free zone clearly went farther in another direction but it still took a lot of effort to get it changed. This year’s surprise, the bike path, took even more work, ten years of legal wrangling to be exact.
I do not understand people and press who knock Rebecca Brook and Rupert Murdock, these are amazingly clever people, at no stage have either of them answered any question with new information, they either affirm or they divert, its fascinating to watch and as for Rupert I have to laugh at the opinion that his is a doddery old fool.
2 teaspoons butter
I sense you're getting impatient here, with both the critiques and the comments. You've written the novel, and you just want to get started on getting it in front of people. I'm impatient too, and easily frustrated (just ask the minions who have to deal with me in the office on a daily basis--they have bolt holes for when it gets rough!)
If you’ve never seen a redwood, you might be forgiven for thinking the only thing the tree is good for is making patio furniture and backyard decks. But if you have ever walked in the fragrant cathedral of these gorgeous monsters, cranked your head back, and looked up the immense trunks into a sky-scraping canopy of shimmering green, then you understand why these gentle giants that are the Earth’s tallest, and some of the oldest and most massive living things, have inspired people to try valiantly to save them from clear-cutting, wholesale harvest, and degradation.
I'm now in 2nd place!! Keep up the votes. Thank you friends!!
After nine years, researchers found that people who drink four or more cups of coffee a day are at no higher risk of disease than those who drink less than one cup of coffee a day. The Mayo Clinic reported that previous studies that linked coffee to disease did not account for other factors such as smoking and lack of exercise.
And the original vinyl edition cover did this when opened out fully:
inspiration room that is challenge this week over on PaperCraft Star Challenge 25. This Oxford Impressions image is perfect for the tree, don't you think? I stamped it on a very pale blue with VersaFine Olympic Green and then fussy cut. The room was roughly created with 'moulding' and flooring (cut from a piece of wood wallpaper). The window, Stamp Francisco, inked on velum with Adirondack Snow Cap and embossed with clear ep. The gifts under the tree are from the long retired Basic Grey Figgy Pudding sheet that was all presents. The Ways to Use it Challenge on SCS today was to used Glitter. I added Stickles in three shades to the ornaments on the tree and a brass charm for the star at the very top. The Merry Christmas is inked with ChalkBox Warm Red. And a bit of twill in robins' egg blue.
As my interest in mental health developed into just some knowledge around it, I noticed that the phone started to ring more frequently. I now get around 20 emails a week asking something about mental health – often specific legal or procedural questions after jobs have proved difficult.
My first full day in Berlin had begun well, after a nice breakfast I took a taxi to the photography rental shop that would be supplying my lighting for the shoot. Everything went smoothly bar a little rejigging of bags as the chap serving me struggled to put everything into manageable parcels. Struggled he may have but succeed he did not, in neither respect. The bags were not manageable nor did they have everything in, as I was later to discover.
The best advice I could give is that you keep a list close by and check it if you are unsure. If you already do this, I can’t help any more. If you need a list then click this link.
For those who want to dress up
We get up on Christmas morning to open Santa Claus presents and stockings. A Christmas Story is on the TV in the background.
Don’t delay – register now at www.nbwn.eventbrite.com for this vital education and empowerment conference and join in the success! It’s time to change the way that women do business.
68. The Other Boleyn Girl - Philippa Gregory
Still, I could not bring myself to say how grateful
Is yours a singlet household?
Kate and William have returned home. They are such a happy, relaxed couple and very much in love. I wish them all the best. I'm sorry they never made it this far east and south. But I've enjoyed the photos. Oh, to be so thin!!
Social Security Is Not Going Broke
An important fact to keep in mind about this book, is that the statistics are not accurate, in the sense that the numbers mentioned may possibly be higher, but definitely not fewer. The reason for this is because the compilers of the book relied mainly on incidents that were covered by the South African media, and there is no guarantee whatsoever that the media covered each and every incident in South Africa.
23. Learning about the world helps you learn about yourself
That is what I am working on. Trusting and surrendering to his decisions for me. I find it so easy to suggest the way God should do it … then wonder why he has gone quiet. I think I still have a long way to go.
Tuna
Tunic: Asos
The Dreaming Sex edited by Mike Ashley
½ cup oat bran
Would that this be a dimension unseen, yet to be proven by scientific method, when all things are possible, probable in an infinite universe, just one in a multiverse, and itself but a microcosm.
Maybe it's just me but judging from the cover of Gentleman Jesse's new album, Leaving Atlanta, it seems there are some changes afoot compared to his previous records.
New York- Last week was the meeting of the minds. No, not Rex and Woody or Tanny. I had lunch with fellow Jets writer Ryan O’Boyle at Pessimisstic Optimism, which you can read here. We discussed the state of the Jets, so to speak. We went down the roster, going through our likes, the depth chart, seeing where there are holes, who we would pick if we were GM. Here’s a little highlight:
And also we’re getting into more gadgets. What is up with that? I have a Kinect and a Move and I rarely even use them. They’re all fun for about a day or two then I pick my controller back up and play regular games. These motion controls and 3D are complete gimmicks. Yet people buy them up. And that’s why they’re being implemented in these newer consoles about to come out. These things must stop. If I want a Wii… I’ll buy a Wii.
Have a relaxing Thanksgiving and ensure that it has some element to allow you to reflect. These are such hard times. I just heard today on Colorado NPR that Food Stamp enrollment is up 80% in Colorado since 2008. Perhaps a little more balance is needed in our country and the world. If only…
on a hot summer's day.
Thailand’s “Rose of the North” is increasingly defined by more than just its mountains and temples, as it successfully lures many Thais, foreign expatriates and tourists to its bustling city center. As part of that trend, the Chedi Chiang Mai, a resort of boutique-luxury specialists General Hotel Management (GHM) Ltd., opened its doors in 2006 to become the first five-star hotel located along the Ping River.
God is not going to change one thing about what is happening in the world by whoever. This is a great testimony of his love and power and wisdom and his mercy.
Anwaar: Yes, she was surely kidding, your highness.
Human Soap?
and leads me to quiet pools of fresh water.
higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide)
Which brings me back to anniversaries. There’s a chance now that the book will be read again, and hopefully be relevant, and remind someone of those dead British soldiers, and Argentine conscripts, and all the drowned sailors in the Belgrano that was torpedoed outside the combat zone, sailing away, and all the crippled heroes, too. No
I’m sure there are more tricks to play on the blocked mind. Writers, what are your favorite tried-and-true ways to get unstuck?
World Party Way down now UK
Even though some days it feels like I'm not sure I'm getting through or making a difference.
View others on page
A few miles east of Taylor’s house, Tim Loop’s green two-story home, where he lives with his wife and two daughters, is also stuck behind the border wall. He agrees that the fence is not solving anything. Driving in his truck along the fence this week, he pointed out several places where scuffmarks suggested that people had recently climbed over. On one part of the fence not too far from his house, a torn shirt hung from the top of a pole.
People seem to dig these vintage TV Guide ads - and why not? They're powerful memory triggers, especially for those of us who grew up in the pre-cable, pre-Internet Stone Age of the 1970s. This advertisement for the U.S. network television premiere of Ed Hunt's Starship Invasions is a great example. I was always the first one in my house to grab the new TV Guide when it showed up in the mail, and immediately pored over its pages, looking for cool stuff to watch, so I could plan my schedule accordingly. I remember being pretty damned excited when I came across this particular ad in my weekly review of the magazine.
Except that I purchased them in the specific grade levels for my fellas. Fridays are mental math days. Let me tell you, the boys lurve this (tongue in cheek). I am also really thinking about purchasing this.
I am a huge fan of Regency romances, and yes, they definitely inspired me. In the novels of Jane Austen and Georgette Heyer, the romantic heroines frequently have younger sisters who are minor characters, popping up only for a scene or two - just long enough to offer decidedly snarky opinions on their sisters’ love lives. In A Most Improper Magick, I wrote a novel from a youngest sister’s POV, making her the true hero of the story and giving her magical adventures of her own that take place alongside her older sisters’ romances…and of course she’s more than ready to take charge of her older sisters’ love lives, too!
The World Bank report (2005) estimated that Uganda loses $ 300m (510b shillings) through corruption and procurement malpractices.
And just in case you ever wondered where I live.....this is it! This road is less than a mile from mine and I chose it because it's a nice straight stretch with a pretty desolate view. It's also near a small airstrip. I don't know why that matters, but I thought I'd tell you anyway.
tupac told us it was too late
11) Hey, what’s your name? Wow! Did you know what the ancient greek translation for your name is? Your name means… “Godess of Beauty!” +
“I do not make deals with lizards,” the princess sneered.
1- After preparing the leaves like mentioned above, put the onions, tomatoes, spices, tomato paste, bouillon cubes, parsley and dill in a food processor (don't add dried mint or onion slices), mix all of them without making a juice just a coarse mixture to give a better taste.
10. Birds & Booze Blues - 4:56
I do hope that many of our participants continue with their writing and attend more courses. Philip is currently raising further funds and planning to extend this fantastic programme even further. We all wish him every success and look forward to taking part again. All our words resonate across the world.
She helps me with the kids when my sadness overwhelms me to the point I can't face them.
The world has shrunk so very small
At some point, we would like to build a small, handicapped accessible two bedroom cottage in our lower yard. This would serve as a guest house, a B&B, and a future home for Charles and me when we are too old to handle the stairs and maintenance on our current house (not that we do too much maintenance anyway). We would eventually live in the little cottage and rent out the bigger house. It is a good plan, but it will take money to make it happen. (Are you seeing a recurring theme here?) At the moment, we have a Community Garden in our lower yard, which is an excellent use of the space!
of course there are bonus points on tuesdays, garbage day.
Yours stand out so grand.
It is hard to say what each of us would really do if we were given the opportunity to be in the presence of someone who glowed because of a contact with God. It is even harder to say what we would do if we were that person who had the contact.
in an automobile accident less than a year into their marriage. The following year he wed
My reading lists are heavily British and obscure, but there will be no more late or lost books fines and I will save some money on purchases.
Be sure to schedule a 15-minute complimentary book coaching session via email: AuthorizeU@gmail.com. If we begin working together, my eBook—Writing From Life: A Wise Guide to Publishing Your Memoirs—will be yours as part of the coaching package.
The march on the palace were the first by protesters who for nearly three weeks have centered their mass demonstrations in Cairo’s downtown Tahrir Square.
You sir don’t know how to read I am trying to tell you to bring evidence to the table which in your arguments there is a great lack of.
3. I also am apparently out of stewed tomatoes, so I used plain diced tomatoes. I added 1 t. of brown sugar to the skillet to compensate.
I enjoyed this story and I have to admit that I did cry in spots. This was a nice little change in my reading routine and I am happy that I got to read this and I am looking forward to other books by Ashley.
It might be best if Miley Cyrus stays out of the kitchen. Late Monday night she sliced her finger while cooking and was rushed to the hospital. Photographers were all over the incident, immediately following her there.
It would seem that the freehold in 2, Coronation Street is held by David and Kylie Platt (Paula Lane), signed over by Audrey when she wished to show faith in David and his future (Audrey supported David’s marriage to Kylie, where many did not). If this is correct, then the first obvious point is that Audrey could have protected herself by granting David and Kylie a lease, rather than sell or transfer the freehold. The lease could have contained a number of restrictions concerning the business, such as the name of the property – that would have at least prevented Audrey having to tear down the “under new management” sign, for which she has been arrested for criminal damage. However, the main issue is, of course, the hairdressing business.
“Madhu-pati,” the Sweet Protector, has a romantic connotation since madhu implies “honey” and pati is the word for husband.
First off, I'm about to start packing for what will be I think my 9th desk/office/cube move in 11 years. And you'd think that with all of that moving around and the inevitable move-related cleaning up and purging that goes on, I really wouldn't have managed to accumulate that much crap. But you'd be wrong. My cube is a cozy wreck, and it's going to be a big pain in the ass to pack 'er up for another move.
NOTE: Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Revelation 3:10
This year, my mind is more clear. Believe me, the pain is still there but it is manageable now. I was able to think straight and come up with something that will be heart touching for even Brian. For starters, the Father's Day card was made with photos of Wyatt and a touching poem about an angel talking to his father. And the gift, well, the gift is just wonderful. I decided on an engraved dog tag with Wyatt's photo on the front and an engraving on the back. Since Brian doesn't read this blog (for many reasons), I can share:
These two independent sources, however, will now be merged into one single source: an Internet voting system controlled by SCYTL, with a results reporting system also controlled by SCYTL.
Thank you for making our wedding the most magical and unforgettable day of my life. The wedding was everything I wanted: simple, classic and elegant. Working with you and your ladies was a pleasure from the beginning to the end.
Prague does not seem to mind closing down a block or two of streets to car traffic, except those vehicles needed to service the local buildings. On these blocks, tramlines along with room for pedestrian traffic brings forth crowds of people walking, eating at streetside cafés, and shopping. Traffic jams happen at lunchtime and in the evenings. Cycling is slowly undertaken by weaving through crowds on very rough cobblestone surfaces, as if it were a ballet on wheels.
This isn't my golf cart....since having kids I can count the number of times I have golfed on one hand! But, I do know these clients "very well" and they now have their own custom designed, personalized golf cart!
I primed and painted the cabinet boxes and had the doors sprayed by a painter. Hardwood floors, new hardware and appliances finish it off for now. We saved a lot of money buying the fridge and stove from an outlet store.
I just wanted to pop in to let you know that I heard from Prometheus the other day and he's gone all outdoorsy AND left his wife for Another Woman (well, he did it more than 10 years ago - but it's news to ME!) and I hope we continue to keep in touch. But that's it.
Back at the hotel we got showered, fed and watched tv until 9.30pm when our train arrived to take us to Da Nang, a 17 hour sleeper train down half the length of he country. The train was comfortable and we slept until around 9 the following morning ready to tackle another town!
Pearls in pink and black from stash
On the drive in today I got to thinking about this planet of ours. I was watching a show on Doc Zone last night and I ended up turning it off because I just found the angle of it too frightening. It was about the robotics now used in warfare and how they are anticipating that down the road a war will be fought by robots. They are already doing it with drones and things of the like. It conjured up some really frightening scenarios for me. Oddly enough Woodstock, the movie was on as well, so I turned that on. The juxtaposition wasn’t lost on me.
They faculty offering thousands of preset templates. They also message bespoken template desktop that go wellspring with the individual's lineament and personality. Yet, level they can be altered according to the needs of the someone.
I find that each and every time that I am faced with these temptations I just repeat over and over again in my head “Stay the course.”
I thought it would be nice to make a little cover to protect my book its ideal to carry down to the beach or while lounging around the pool (when I get time of course) I attached some ribbon in the seam so I could use it for my book mark.
Here's to the rapidly approaching Quad Dipsea race, the close of my 2010 season and the promise of 2011.
Foreign Countries 0.7
“Also, there has been no audit of the UID project by an independent authority. The CAG should audit the entire process of creation of a people’s database,” Saraf said.
In Trinidad, things go at their own relaxed pace. Here is a collection of my time lapses taken during Carnival 2012. Mainly in Port of Spain and one at Maracus Beach. I hope to do a more in depth one next time I’m there.
I grab a hold of the mic and let the words glide
31And Phinehas, the son of Eleazar the priest, said to the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh, Now we are certain that the Lord is among us, because you have not done this wrong against the Lord: and you have kept us from falling into the hands of the Lord.
Realize that having emotional attachments to things is not what God intended. Once you lose your focus, the pursuit of things often becomes the “why” behind what you do. Even those things that have sentimental value sometimes keep us holding on to the past. Consider the real reason you have old greeting cards, clothes that you no longer can wear, or that special something that you absolutely refuse to let go of. Challenge yourself to put your stuff in its proper place. Clutter can keep you from achieving God’s righteous purpose. Whether your clutter is physical, mental or spiritual God has called us to live a life of simplicity. Clutter can hold you back from reaching your goals. Old relationships, memories and things can keep you from being productive. God wants your life to be free from bondage, of any kind. Find ways to embrace something new; it begins when you let go of the past.
50. Keeping the flame of friendship strong and bright because there's nothing like it in the world.
The San Francisco District Attorney has dropped a criminal investigation into allegations that the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith illegally obtained police and government records on a wide array of political groups.
The Ruby Slipper was recommended by two random people before we set foot in NOLA. Walkable from the French Quarter at 200 Magazine Street, we hit the spot for breakfast. The menu combinations were impressive, and husband declares he experienced the best French toast of his life.
jenney :)
And the paper statements that come in, will just get tucked into the handy tab's folder pocket until it's paid and sent back out!
You don't have to worry. You grow up and you become able to express all of those
Context on the show: Lisa is concerned that the lack of schooling will hurt her chances to get into an Ivy League university, going so far as to note “At this rate I probably won’t even get into Vassar.” Homer is outraged she would even say such a thing and reproaches her with the above.
Scotty’s Brewhouse Muncie is now pouring Rivertown Unit 6 Hefeweizen! Come by and enjoy a 48oz Pitcher of this refreshing beer every Tuesday for only $5!!
Alot going on at my house. I'm not ready to blog about it. Please pray for us. God is really poreing out His love. We are definatly going through a valley. God is good, He is here with us.
Fingers crossed I'll have some new creations to share in the next couple of days.
Kelp is still an integral part of the Japanese diet. The Japanese include kelp in almost every meal, using it in salads or as a garnish, or cooking it in soups, sauces, and cakes. Noodles made from kelp are a staple of the Japanese diet.
So when I hear someone say something stupid about unschooling, I try to remember how nearly impossible it is to perceive that we're wearing lenses while we're wearing them. And even when we know we're wearing them, how easily we come to rely on the clarity of the world view they provide.
Oh...and my favorite story of the week. You remember Erialdo and Sílvia, right? The ones that Sister Grant and I found last week that were super excited about the Book of Mormon? Well, they´ve been pretty hard to teach this week because they are both very busy with work and have had family visiting this week for the holidays. But we´ve been trying to stop by regularly to talk to them and to see if they´ve had questions about what they´ve been reading. Well, last night we stopped by on our way home just to quickly say hi and ask how they were doing. Sílvia was waiting for us and ushered us inside her warm house were she had hot chicken soup already waiting on the table (Did I tell you that these people are amazing??) While we were eating I told her how grateful we were for all the kind things they always do for us and for always treating us like we were family. Sílvia just smiled and starting telling us about a song that she had heard as a child and has always loved- a song about God putting angels in people´s path to guide them and to be His messengers. She told us that recently she had been praying that God would help her focus her life more around Him and feel His influence and guidance more strongly in her life. Sílvia told us that it makes her happy to help us because she believes that we are the answers to that prayer. She said that the moments that we have helped them sit down together and pray as a family and talk about God have brought a spirit of peace into her home and she thanked us for helping them feel His presence more strongly in her home. What an amazing and loving person!!! I know that Heavenly Father brought us to her home so she will find the joy and the love that the gospel of Jesus Christ brings! He is anxious to give this gift to every one of His children that will receive it...and he is always leading us to them :)
It’s also a great way to explore contradictions of character. Everyone’s experienced displaying completely different emotions and feelings outside than they do inside. From something as mundane as being bored at a party but hiding it under a veneer of politeness to internally screaming for your enemy’s blood while enjoying a round of mini-golf, first person narratives are made to explore those contradictions. They also help to explain actions that might otherwise be seen as illogical and out of left field. There’s nothing worse than a character doing something that leaves the reader confused and spluttering that the character simply wouldn’t do that while the author insists that there’s some kind of internal conflict there that explains everything. First person gives a unique perspective on a character’s thoughts and motivations.
Send a detailed description of your wedding location and design ideas. If you have any photos or a website/blog, make sure you include that, as well. The more you provide, the better. Also, send a few photos of you and your fiance! If you are still narrowing down your location choices - send in your finalists with more details on your plans. Don't forget your names, date of wedding, and your contact information.
It is very humbling to sit for hours on end and leave before the end of a milonga because you are too pissy to dance with anyone.
& ran
It is extremely depressing, disheartening, lose-your-faith-in-humanity-izing, to keep being presented with the most vile crimes on earth as if that’s what life is all about. As if that’s just what you can expect if you’re bringing up a kid these days.
Picture 9&10 Beat DK in attic 5
So we gave him some Platinum Performance Bio-Sponge. It is supposed to be one of the best probiotics around. Actually, I have no clue what it really is, but it stopped him up for a while so I am happy with it. I just know it is for heavy duty uses. And believe me...this was heavy duty.
As for Oakland, the city of my birth. Very badly done last week. Perhaps you can let these young people show you how it's done.
Come back next Friday for the full details! Hope to see you all soon...and...GO tell all your friends!
To complete the order, two witchy books that I have been anxiously waiting for! Scott Cunningham's book Wicca is where I really started in my studies and I have most of his other titles as well. When the release of Cunningham's Book of Shadows: The Path of an American Traditionalist was first announced I wasn't sure if I wanted to buy it thinking it would be repetition of the books I already had. Then I saw a copy of it and discovered I loved the way the book was laid out. It is a great reference book and certainly a good review of basic teachings. I thought the arrival of this today was fitting. I had been sharing with a friend on facebook that I was doing pretty good with 11 of the 13 Goals of a Witch as written by Scott Cunningham. Now I am finally doing good on the ones pertaining to taking care of our bodies and eating healthy. I had shared my concern about needing to improve these in my blog The Healing Power of Nature as well. By taking better care of my health and feeling better, the other goals are easier to follow and attain. Balance in everything is working.
We invite you to come in next Monday, March 19th (from 11:30 am to 2:00 pm) or on Thursday March 22nd (from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm) to make this make-a-card project. You'll learn how to stamp on canvas to create this beautiful card with a variety of Impression Obsession stamps (see list below).
I really admire Alicia, the artist and the person. Like so many of us, she does her best to balance her art/blog with her day job (talented web designer) and her family life. Not an easy feat for sure. But she always pushes herself and goes the extra mile. She has created her own, beautiful zine Altered Bits. She is involved in some amazing collaborations as both a participant and as a host. And most admirable of all, she is starting a non-profit art group for children with aspergers syndrome and autism. Not every artist is a sharer, but Alicia is generous and giving of her time, her skills, and her heart. There is a good chance that I will meet her in person at a book release event in the Northwest. I am so looking forward to that!
But he pointed to my right.
5. “Daughter, stop running.”
I’m currently studying social work in this summer session, a field that I absolutely love. It’s been a long time since I’ve been in school (no, I’m not telling you how long) and to boot, I’m in college as opposed to university, which is a whole different ball game – at least on my side of the border. University is very theoretically driven, with most classes being large groups of students scribbling down the lecturing and slides of the professor expert; in college, things are (best I can tell) more experiential, more group work driven, and tend not to lecture directly but instead, move straight to learning the concept in its practical usage.
“I don't think you can legally use that color, Xi, not without permission, or guaranteed payment into the account of Sir Masterful Richview.” Outside the building a siren that had been wailing came to a chirping halt. They noticed it more in its silence. The ceiling fell in a little more, showing more of the sky. It was billowing gray.
Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives, Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy. If she’s ever to return home to District 12, Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love.
While the article below paints the true picture of why the West had ganged-up against the terrorist Gaddafi, it paints a realistic picture of what white South Africans can expect when the Revolution strikes.
c = 261.63, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392, c = 261.63, g = 392, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392
dust motes swirling slowly in a shaft of sunlight
“Public Relations”, like many other fields, is a consistently evolving area of study. It is risky writing a definitive definition of Public Relations because it is constantly changing and growing in new ways. I predict that the people of PR in the future must be well aware of this reality and must be ahead of the times… and the technology that coincides with the PR world. The PR world and technology already go hand-in-hand and I predict this trend will continue.
grumble...mumble..."Okay, let me get to work..."
Marv
Once everything dried completely, I wrapped each cookie in a cellophane bag and tied them with raffia and custom favor tags. In the end I thought I had made the blue icing a little too blue, but I guess that's better than not being blue enough? I also thought there were too many black lines everywhere, which made it look too much like a coloring book. So next time I think I'd pipe the borders in the same color as the filled icing.
Fold the suede in half and then make a square knot about midway to make a loop at the top of the suede.
Hyper-On Experience - Disturbance Tango Remix (Moving Shadow)
These two things must necessarily go together. There is no believing without following. There is no John 3:16 without Luke 9:23.”
No point in hanging about admiring the plumbing and the rigging - off we go. We head southwards along the coast of Corfu - seeing our eventual destination, Paxos, in the the far distance. We then turn east and over the Ionian to mainland Greece where will moor overnight at Plataria.
It's not even November and the winter beers are rolling out. This is one of the first I've seen in these parts. I had one last night and I am saving the rest for colder winter nights. I find it sort of odd that Deschutes released this beer in Texas when we only get two other beers from them (black butte porter and mirror pond pale ale) and this is a seasonal. They have many other year round beers I wish they would distribute here. Maybe this is a sign of more to come. Or maybe this is being released because it an important beer in their lineup: the first they ever bottled, according to their website.
may start working on it shortly, I just wanted to concentrate on this
His mother was a child-bride married to a British Army veteran. Jack Hindon had one sister, Margaret, and the family moved frequently, either because his father was restless or because his mother followed the available work. He joined the British Army like his father, but he absconded after a beating by his officer. This happened while in Durban, Natal, which was at that time a British annex.
... anger at Sir Philip Green (the 'owner' of the Arcadia group, Top Shop, Dorothy Perkins, BHS, Burton etc) for his £285 million tax dodge), Vodaphone for not paying their 1.6 billion tax bill and all the other tax dodgers. Come on you rich bastards, pay up and then we can pay nurses, the police, social care, and public workers the money they deserve instead of pay freezes, cuts and redundancies.
No matter what else happens in your situation, however, there are resources out there to help you through this difficult time. Just because your personal life is under pressure doesn’t mean your professional one needs to fall apart. Remember, you got to where you are because of your strengths and your ability to act under stress. This isn’t anything you can’t handle.
Can the observations of the heat radiating from Io as well as the orbital observations be explained in a framework that assumes Io is less than 10,000 years in age? Is tidal dissipation the most significant heat source in Io?
I can't seem to find any pictures from my afternoon on the island
And thank goodness there is an awesome website online called www.HysterSisters.com that can answer all my questions. There's tips on what to bring to the hospital and how to cope those first few days, as well as lots and lots of other great information. It's been a lifesaver.
Loving God, Loving my neighbor (but not always as much as myself) avoiding stealing, (except once when I was eleven… I got over that real quick!) I’ve never killed anyone, I’ve kept the sabbath, I’ve not coveted my neighbor’s wife or manservant, his donkey or his ass, (but maybe his boat.) I don’t bear false witness, and I moved back up here to honor my mother (and be by the lakes) plus I adore my dad.
Gowdy had asked Sebelius to explain the legal basis for what the secretary called an “appropriate balance between respecting religious freedom and increasing access to important preventive services.”
‘No?’ the Archbishop echoed.
Or is the product of an opportunistic imagination.
I want to lie under a big oak tree
My teapot is empty before the leaves have a chance to turn bitter.
Well, the van is now packed and I am just sorting out my press releases to take to the fair. I have gone through my checklist again and again making sure I have all the adhesives I could possibly need (blue tack, cello tape, masking tape, glue etc)! I still have a few cushions to complete, but generally the house is looking like a home again, rather than a factory.
Thomas J. Ashton, 21, New York, N.Y.
Yeah...that has the potential to cost $315 because we don't know what insurance will cover.
I do believe in passive resistance. I do believe in social change through non-violent means. Obviously, I prefer to write about all the human atrocities, in the hopes that I, and others, can make the world a better place and to prevent myself from slipping into a misanthropic abyss. So rather than being Bartleby (who certainly has his place in society), I have chosen to be Ida Tarbell.
If I don't really feel like working out, I'll be a little extra cautious about
Yet we know that even in these moments - perhaps especially in these moments - you are with us. Comforting us through the community that surrounds us, and through the presence of your Holy Spirit.
Here’s the full e-mail:
Many of them will still rely on the “major press” “opinions” and all its paid-advert-lies-ing, going to large open air festivals hundred of kilometres away from their place, paying a shitload of money to “discover” “new bands” that are twenty years old and played twenty times at the corner of their streets for a price I couldn’t even buy cigarettes with. That’s sad, but that’s the way it is.
confusion works in the bird world?)
In fact, I decided to go all out and invite like, 20 people over (I think maybe 13 are coming) and arrange to cook a huge buffet. Since most of these people have never celebrated Thanksgiving before they are most likely going to interpret this as an invitation to come over and get drunk on a weeknight, but I don't care! I will have twinkly music, candles, flowers, and green bean casserole and it will be awesome! It won't be exactly the same as in America- ie, no Martha Stewart inspired placeholders, 20 year old handmade turkey paper mache centerpiece, or football- but I will have a fairly decent replica of the event, just 6 hours earlier.
Do not take your villages lightly.
Thy fortunes. How! that I should murder her?
So my guy finally gave me the cliff-notes version of the S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division) organization led by Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson). I already knew Iron Man and the Hulk, and had figured out that Thor was more than Elisabeth Shue’s friend, but still needed to meet the rest of the team: Captain America.
Games still bulk $50-60, but now there are a lot added of them, and a lot added options in the types of games. A lot of amateur today boilerplate out at about ten hours, accord or yield a few, and a triple-A titles could calmly absorb twenty hours of your added time, or more. An RPG adeptness be accomplished in 60 hours if you're lucky. Some games, in authentic amateur by developers BioWare and Bethesda, avowal over one hundred hours of attainable apple gameplay.
If they do well enough to prevent the mainstream parties from having a clear majority problem, the whole deal may be thrown into chaos.
Share this post with:
It was so much fun to do, I really want to make cakes and decorate them pretty more often (◡‿◡✿)
Today's another day with abundant sunshine. I think a Mother's Day bike ride is in order today :)
Why does one kill for pleasure? Why does one exterminate for the doubtful status? Why does one feel pleasure in eradicating one the most beautiful animals? I just wonder why humans feel superior, while destroying their own world for ludicrous reasons?
I spoke with a couple of ladies from the Riverview Center, and unfortunately I ended up giving them info on a blog that no longer works. So, I hope I can make it up to them by sharing the awesome work that they do, if I have in fact managed to embed the video properly.
Violet kept her morbid ability to sense dead bodies a secret from everyone except her family and her childhood-best-friend-turned-boyfriend, Jay Heaton. That is until forensic psychologist Sara Priest discovered Violet's talent and invited her to use her gift to track down murderers. Now, as she works with an eclectic group of individuals—including mysterious and dangerously attractive Rafe—it's Violet's job to help those who have been murdered by bringing their killers to justice. When Violet discovers the body of a college girl killed by "the girlfriend collector" she is determined to solve the case. But now the serial killer is on the lookout for a new "relationship" and Violet may have caught his eye....
A couple of the gorgeous Prima Athena Flowers in Coral and some gems for added bling, complete the card. I hope she likes it!
I started writing this post a few days ago, but my words kept coming out in stupid manners so I gave up. I’ll just keep it short so I can return to my usual bloggage next week:
I have been observing, for a year now, those chic Parisiennes who maneuver their way through rush hour traffic, in high heels and stylish skirts. How could they be so oblivious to the dangers around them, I wondered. I envied their bravada. I envied their ability to look so glamorous and put themselves in the spotlight -- sitting so tall and gorgeous astride their velos, being admired by all the men in cars and buses.
What do you think? Are you in love with this shirt too? Check it out here, it’s a bargain at £16, I am in love with Matalan clothes at the minute they seem to have some gorgeous bits and pieces in.
Oblivion
For the batter you’ll wanna pick a beer with some umph, otherwise, what’s the point? The presence of the chili powder in the batter give it a nice kick, while the Panko offers some serious crunch.
Something I am telling myself and hearing from others lately, something you have probably heard too if you have ever been through an adoption.
Try to visit as many blogs as you can. Take a look at their answers, but also check out a bunch of their other posts (try for 5?) and leave comments. If you like their blog, follow them! If someone follows you, then take a look at their blog and follow back if you like what you see.
904 ***D-VI/1/1985. “On Xenophon’s Hiero.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 51-57 (1992).)
“Kid, what are you doing?”
Miranda: "To the women who do it without help! Assuming they didn't give themselves an injury eye rolling when you had a panic attack after your daughter smeared icing on your Valentino skirt."
STORY: Jason Bourne isn’t the only assassin to come out of Redstone and this is the story of one of them, whose life is directly affected by Bourne’s exploits in the first three films.
I ran away today
Sing me back home with a song I used to hear
The third response came from a friend who is a writer, who's read the latest draft. By the standards of the other responses I've had, it has been catastrophic. She found my characters flat, my environments blank and the amount of dialogue overwhelming. It's almost impossible for me to believe she read the same book as my first two readers, particularly given that the main focus of the changes over the last two drafts has been breaking up the dialogue and adding detail to the environments.
SH: You're not putting them back in the right order!
(Just a quick heads up- I am asking if you will do me a little favor at the end of the post-
To satisfy my only interest in her, why she’s here, I walk closer and get a view of what she’s wearing. My eyes widen with shock. A skin tight red leather dress leaves little to my vast imagination; thin straps hold up perked up cleavage, and it ends right about where the curve of her backside would poke out if she were standing. A ‘fuck me’ dress if I’ve ever seen one. The matching 4 inch red leather heels don’t do much to negate this impression. I walk past her and head to the bathroom a little out of sorts. Some days you just don’t know what to expect, and there’s no cover that will ever explain the book.
I have more, but you'd be bored, so I'll do another post full of randomness soon! Promise.
Peach cobbler is great. Lots of crust, not soupy, and not too sweet.
I was reminded at a meeting recently how fortunate my life has been. Despite my years of drinking I remained what many call "a functioning drunk", i.e. I got up every morning, got dressed and got to work. I did enough at work not to get sacked and therefore the money continued to come in. In fact I was very fortunate that I was in an industry and a job that paid very well indeed and therefore the money I needed to feed my habit wasn't difficult to find, I could drink enough and not have to squirrel money away for that from the bills, the shopping etc. I was lucky too that I found recovery before I started to lose the things that really matter - family in particular.
I've been thinking, and unless I'm much mistaken, I've never actually told the story of how I came to be an an unschooler... I simply popped up with a blog at age 17 saying "hey, I'm unschooled!". :-P So this is the story of how I came to be an unschooler! Some of it is taken from what my parents have said, since I was pretty young when some of this went down, but I'll do my best to tell it accurately!
raw nerves
I can’t say I have read many graphic novels, but this is an extraordinary book. It tells the tale, as you would expect from the title, of Simone Lia’s search for a husband, and her struggle to understand God’s plan for her life. It’s Cosmopolitan meets St John of the Cross via Snoopy and the Far Side. The cartoon-like illustrations are endearing, funny, and often beautiful. Her emotional honesty is sometimes heartbreaking. But you have the sense of listening in on the inner dialogue of a soul – one that is innocent, wounded, brave and slightly quirky – rather than intruding or being the recipient of a clunky disclosure.
I need a horse. -Thor, to pet shop manager
The sad thing is that we are part of a social system in which individuality and creativity seems to suppressed as much as possible, where art and metaphysical value is looked down upon and implicitly discouraged, where we are expected to become part of a production process which benefits others and ourselves only tangentially. We are expected to work enthusiastically to produce services and products which often hardly interest us and which are foisted on a public who were originally oblivious of their "needs" beforehand, our efforts ultimately serving only to create disposable items to generate revenue and market share for those who control business.
And that seemed like enough. Except the cookies. The last Tuesdays with Dorie recipe of them all, posted appropriately over a week late. There's nothing I could say that my mother hasn't said better.
Here's the link for my new blog:
Here's another new thing I've never seen before. :) It's a SWIMSUIT WATER EXTRACTOR!! Stick your dripping wet swimming suit in, close the lid, and it spins it like a little centrifuge. Very cute, but very useless.
Ink: Wild Wasabi, Blushing Bride, Versamark
The key to the successful implementation of predictive analytics in marketing and pricing is for top management to commit to the process and to ensure that all data analysed is agreed beforehand. The Accenture authors call this a company-wide agreement to “one version of the truth”.
They couldn’t keep us out. Bobby found it. The gap. Right back there in the corner. Near the woods. One by one we scrambled under, working our way through. Jenny yelped as the wire claimed some hair. Blood trickled onto her muddy cheeks.
He saw his father take off running down the road, tears streaming, and practically tackle him in the biggest bear hug ever in human history.
So....my son called my attention to the Emergency Off button located on the wall of the Wendy's restaurant in Huntington, Indiana.
Of course, we are INSISTING on a miracle for Danielle's health, but those bills still pile up.
We're currently working on a vacuum press so we can properly expose my plates and once that's done we'll be going 200%. I'm 90% excited and 10% terrified to the possibilities this opens up. I'm scared my creativity can't match the awesomeness of my press. I'll do my best though.
Farnham's not far from where I live, and has an excellent beer festival and some cracking pubs. Beer nerd that I am I have wondered if the hops are still around anywhere, and much to my delight I now know they are. On the last page of Beer magazine Jody Scheckter of the Laverstoke Park Farm says of their beers: "I also insisted we use heritage hops not in wide commercial use, such as Fuggles, Farnham, White Bine and White Grape".
hey friends -
I have already said that I think it is mistaken to say “There is a logically possible world in which only God exists” (though I find myself hoping that I am wrong about this). However, let’s grant for the sake of argument that God alone exists in some logically possible world. what then of propositions such as “I exist”? Can God know “I exist” to be true of himself? I’m not sure that language can exist without a world, but of course I have granted for the sake of argument that God existing alone is sufficient for a ‘possible world’ – so perhaps God could know that ‘I exist’ is true. What, then, of the proposition “God is omnipresent”? Does God himself know that the proposition “God is omnipresent” is true? It entails, after all, that God recognizes himself, from the third-person perspective, to have the property of being omnipresent (of course, defining omnipresence is itself a tricky thing, as Aquinas wanted to do it with reference to God’s power, and others have sought to do it with God’s occupancy of/at all regions). However, in a world where ‘regions’ do not exist, since nothing like space (or ‘relations between phenomenal bodies’) exists, it is hard to imagine omnipresence being true of anything (let alone ‘presence’ being true of anything). Therefore, doesn’t it seem as though the proposition “God, in all possible worlds at which only God exists, knows that the proposition ‘God is omnipotent‘ is true.” is simply meaningless, or else false?
I choose to be a magnet for creative ideas! Creative ideas flow to me, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
A friend confided after: “I just couldn’t: i KNEW he was going to walk back in when we were doing that and i couldn’t do it with him looking on”.
My husband will fart in front of anyone, anywhere, anytime. He is proud. He will fart in the car, and lock the windows, or fart under the covers and fan them in my direction. He's made a habit of saying, "Honey, come smell this," or "Babe, pull my finger!" He even rates them. I suppose that's just a man thing, and I'm sure I'll get a lot of, "Oh, my husband does the same thing!"
I was please to find out that my painting one first place for painting in our Something Red show.
THIRSTY PLANET BREWING Jittery Monk Smoked Coffee Dubbel
You know the deal. Cooking professionally means to sacrifice. Everything. Your free time. Personal relationships. Daily habits. And at times, your sanity. But what about your health?
But because I speak the truth, you do not believe me.
The Beautiful Cigar Girl is an excellent read, and I almost feel like a criminal for having paid so little for it. It’s still available on Amazon, and for not much more money than I paid out of the bargain bin, so if I’ve piqued your interest, give it an order. You won’t regret it.
We hang out in the admissions area, they confirm that my water has broken, and send us upstairs to a delivery room! Our nurse asks about our birth plan... we left it on the coffee table... we laugh again. We explain that we want to go natural and she says perfectly fine, whatever we want. Next nurse, not so much. She says that Pitocin will probably be the only way we'll deliver in a safe timeline (17-24 hours after water breaking) and we should probably think about starting it right away. Then, she says my blood pressure is too high and I need to lay down for an hour. Contractions slow way down while I'm laying on the bed. This was not where I wanted to be. I wanted to be walking the halls, dancing with Ryan while moaning through contractions, sitting in the bathtub, and rolling around on a yoga ball! What the hell was I doing on my back in a hospital bed???!!!
I would ask all those bloggers, BNP activists and supporters to act solely for the benefit of the party.
13. Jail to the Chief
Violence features a lot in my fiction and some of it does get very brutal but as with the harsh language I try not to over use it. I don’t like violence for violence sake, obviously in say a war story there can be a lot of fighting but I try to save the more severe violence for when I have a breaking point for one of my characters or to advance the story. For me violence as a general part of fiction is key to what I write because almost all of the things that I have written have some sort of violence in. It’s just generally the type of fiction that I do.
And you really begin to notice the extra weight after holding the Acer Iconia Tab A200 for a while, particularly if you’re holding it one hand. We’d find it pretty difficult to recommend this tablet as an ebook reader, for example.
but there is one thing...
I stamped her in Memento and then coloured her with Sakura Stardust pens, Promarkers and Flexmarkers.
Yesterday while shopping in one of my favorite "boutiques" -- the pharmacy -- I saw an exciting (!) two-for-one sale on Caudalie shower gels. They are dee-vine. I have recently been diagnosed with ultra sensitive skin and these products are for sensitive and delicate skin promising to be "non-irritating and soap-free."
We started the evening with dinner at Au Pied de Cochon with Forest, Jeff and Tim (who's birthday it was also). It was very cold in Paris and we were planning on being outside at midnight so we made our dinner last probably longer than the restaurant would have liked. We then bundled up and headed out, bottles of champagne stuffed in our backpacks. Every bridge on the Seine was lit up with the new Euro symbol and the flags of each participating country were raised and waving. We made our way to Place de la Concorde where a huge crowd of people were gathered to watch the fireworks at midnight. Having drunk all of our champagne we bought beers from vendors with little tables set up for the occasion, toasted and kissed at midnight and then paraded down the Champs- Élysées with the rest of Paris.
A successful year means they made it through their first school year without their mother.
What a Bitch (30) – Complete LABOR OF LOVE
The tired eyes, the inability to smile, the jowlier face.
A door slams. She looks out the window and sees him walk to his car. That’s her cue. She races down the stairs and out her front door. She reaches the road just in time for him to stop so she can get in the passenger seat. His foot slams the gas and their off again.
Boinkey!
Peel the potatoes and cut into quarters. Add the potatoes to a stockpot and fill with cold water to cover. Add a couple teaspoons of coarse kosher salt and bring to a boil.
Allen then spoke up impatiently. “What, are you collecting survivor stories?”
Looking for the regious dream
Brisk flowing Warm Up…(No mucking about today. Make it snappy!) Followed by:
People seem to like my old work stories…so here’s another one.
Although various sorts of violence-related terrorist acts continue in Pakistan and these have intensified in Karachi, yet sectarian violence which is part of the same game also needs our focus.
Slightly less wonderful has been my battle with the current work-in-progress. Honestly, I have never agonised so much about a book before, NEVER. I don't want to sound melodramatic or pretentious (much), but I have just been tearing my hair out over how I could get it to work. It started off as a one-person narrative but then a few months ago, I decided to add in another storyline from a second main character, hoping to weave them together. The storylines and characters were quite different, so the idea was that they would complement each other and then tie in beautifully towards the end. Well, that was the plan, anyway.
I found myself wishing that someone would save me and take me away from all this. I even stopped and bought 2 lottery tickets for the next 5 lottery draws just in case fate wants to save me.
Omens/Visions: I don’t really follow a set rule with omens but I do use it quite profusely because it is so natural, as a divination technique, you just have to observe and understand. There are general guidelines one can follow but most of the time, it comes from superstitions of the old so user be wary.
There’s also the gym. If you’re shy you could hang out with yourself in mirrors, you could put headphones in (guitar stroke).
“Routes may end up changing to accommodate the security situation present at that time. Motorcades that are being used for this event, probably aren’t going to be finalized until right before the event, and then once their finalized right before the event, they may all change.” said Zoufal.
It’s going to be an amazing ride and I’m thrilled to be able to share it with all of you.
At the same time we launch our collection of roman blinds in linen. /Vivian
The thing is that I need him, I love him, so much.
Hutchinson plays a major role in the school, where college is omnipresent. Students are assigned college counselors from day one. To prepare students for the next level, the school offers a longer than typical day — about 170,000 minutes longer, over four years, than other city schools — and more than double the usual number of English credits, King said
The two professors, Professor Ayodele of the Chemistry Department and Professor Andrew Leo of the Library Department, were among the dead.
What I like: The first thing that stands out to me with the World Vision Gifts is the great design of the website. Sure that may have little to do with the actual gifts, but as a designer, this is important to me and shows me they are doing it well and that it’s not just a side thought or just another way to raise funds.
The food was good, wholesome and plentiful and the sweets far too delicious!
So this space 90 was perfect in all ways. Now why didn't I make reservations when we got back home? Well I finally did just the other day and yep space 90 is long gone... the only one left in the area is space 86. What's really funny is I went to Furnace Creek to get a photo of that site... I couldn't believe it.... there is my stepdad's car with his bike trailer in the photo! www.campsitephotos.com, that is hilarous! So here's where we will be this Thanksgiving!
Have a wonderful weekend, enjoy your people, your family, your friends, cherish each moment, remember to breathe and look around, take notice of the miracles and beauty that are all around us....sometimes, we just forget.....
I just have to take a moment to show you the packaging they sent this in. It came beautifully wrapped in Turquoise tissue paper ... how did they know I LOVE Turquoise?! And there was a pretty label on the box... and a nice hand written note. You can tell these people really care about their products. I like that!
His were the words of a man who loves his country and they were also a warning of the dire consequences of this flawed social experiment. They were not the words of the knuckle dragging” Nazi he was compared to. However, in the Bizarro World which is the anti nationalist mindset, truth becomes lies and lies become truth, in the same way as love of country is, in their minds, hate, and homogenisation, to them, means diversity.
And now I've shared, and I'm looking forward to catching up on some of the blogs I've missed to see what you've shared too.
Giving a set of keys to a teen-ager can flood the parent of even the most cautious new driver with fear. Now a new study shows that the safest kind of vehicle for teen drivers might be a big sport utility vehicle.
During the day, soldiers come and search round the outside of the house, saying they're looking for hidden weapons.
The cover and info on this week's edition of Doctor Who Adventures magazine:
If I do this, I will be the 3rd of my blogger bitches who's had to do this recently because they've been "found out." This sucks. I mean, it really, really does.
Sunday: Sorry about the abysmal pic, but this is the only one I had, and it is one my four year old daughter took!! We had a jam-packed morning, with Stephen's first soccer game for the season at 8.30 in the morning (games this early should really be illegal), followed by a get together with Irini's school friends at a playcentre. We had a really great time at both!
Le Baiser Salé is located in a little pocket of Paris close to the Pompidou that is busting with bars, cafes and pedestrians. Predominantly a jazz club, it's held its own here for over 20 years offering up concerts, including evenings with a Cuban, African or Antillean twist to the music. A good number of predominate names have passed through here. However, I wasn't there to listen to jazz, so I remained in the small downstairs bar for drinks.
It is with the hand of God present in the life of the leader that will give them authority to be heard by the people and for them to follow.
It’s another deadline day at Ibrox – this time for Best and Final Offers to be submitted to administrators Duff and Phelps by those wishing to buy Rangers FC PLC (in administration). But has anything actually changed in the long running saga?
And so, as I glanced at the labels to verify the pride of the U.S.A. in my purchases, I was… disappointed, to say the least. In fact, I was absolutely shocked! There were almost no products in Target that were made in America. Bangladesh, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, and other known sweatshop imported products filled the shelves. And while an occasional Made In America product was prominently featured, most of these were from tried and true conglomerates and mega-corporations that no doubt manufacture in such bulk that their prices can barely (just barely) compete with those of the enslaved third-world. And so the thought of seeing a mom-and-pop produced gadget or gizmo, or at least one that hasn’t been bought up by these large monopolistic conglomerates – who keep the “local” or “small town” name on their hostile taken-over products for marketing purposes – flew right out the window.
Lovely as it was for Michelle to be so serene, she was supposed to be in labour.
Is how we should club the cop that cuffed you, steal his keys, and break you out
Afrikaners increasingly targetted, abused, humiliated by black-racist ANC-officials
Week 5: Sunday, Oct. 7, at Carolina, 1:05 PM
The best thing about winter? Duh. Hot chocolate.
Apparently, the government first approached Congress leaders Digvijay Singh (a heavyweight who mentors Rahul Gandhi), Prithviraj Chavan (close to the prime minister) and Salman Khurshid to join/head the panel. They refused. Hence the present “Team B” panel, without a proper chair of Cabinet rank. Given this hostile reception, it will be extremely difficult to persuade a senior politician to head the panel. His/her authority would already be dented by the absence of a chance to choose the other members.
We're going where the action is! We'll not only be on the GABF festival floor, but from many of the events outside the festival proper. In fact, some of the best parts of the GABF experience are these off-site parties, special tappings and get togethers hosted by breweries from around the country.
Because by the end of the day I realised quite clearly
In regards to the Sacrament of the Sick, the Church does not teach that it is a guaranteed remedy for bodily illness. While it may be God’s will to heal bodily illness through the sacrament on some occasions, it is also a sacrament that heals our spiritual sickness and prepares us for death. It is clearly illustrated in scripture.
Volodya is a nickname for Vladimir and Medvedi, or bears, sounds similar to the last name Medvedev.
— Relevant magazine
Bad tactics: Trying to ram anything, spinning around aimlessly, being inside one if its wings are gone and its spewing out plasma.
Bateman are going crazy with him.
After a decade of “war on terror” rhetoric – and President Obama’s failure to reverse many of George W. Bush’s extrajudicial policies – the U.S. public has come to accept that American “exceptionalism” puts the nation beyond the reach of international law, as Nat Parry explains.
The ISS also submitted information on an increase in violent crime committed by police officers.
She had a Rocker dog nipping at her heals!
Yesterday the neighbourhood ospreys returned to find a pair of eagles had moved into and renovated the nest they’ve kept for years. An aerial battle ensued between the easy, larger-than-thou, lord of the sky and the swift, determined, sudden and unexpectedly homeless one. This morning the massive tangle of twigs and branches atop the tall leaning pole was empty. For now.
Kenneth A. Jonsson
Remove from oven, reduce heat to 275 degrees.
doesn't explain anything
to understand mathematics better and better until it became his best subject,
Use all of the following colors:
Seek Truth and Report It
waiting... parsnip
The Agriculture Department announced Monday, shortly after FoxNews.com published its initial report on the video, that Sherrod had resigned.
Without more income within your pouches, you simply have to visit the net and look for the correct loan providerOrlender and you may complete the necessary application. Once the sort is chock-full effectively, you can only have to hold off until the financial loan app is validated. After a long time, you can view should the loan has been within your bank checking account. The lending products are you’ll pay with a thirty days but some individuals prolong for an additional thirty days in particular those with much larger Loans although with yet another fee.
17 Thorn of Crowns
We also have one other prize on offer that will go to one of our new followers this month, all you need do to be in with a chance of winning is sign up, simple as that.
She felt the strength of his wings
Beginning on a starry night, an ochre sea star clings to a rock under the crashing waves. When it is high tide, it moves along the ocean floor, avoiding predators. On the shore, it inches along by twisting its body like a pretzel onto the shore to hunt. Coming upon a mussel bed, it hunches over one and grips it with its strong feet. A tug-a-war between them ensues until the sea star successfully cracks and feeds off it, in a most unusual and fascinating manner. Follow this amazing sea creature as it fights its way back to the ocean before the tide recedes while protecting itself from predators.
Yes, it is awkward and annoying to be infected with lice. Millions of children around the world to come down with head lice infestation. org, a nonprofit well being and knowledge agencies, states as follows:. It uses simple, practical steps to aid families to cope with bugs, such us knowledge, training and a complete removal of lice, larvae, eggs and nits, employment and Cetaphil treatment. Many head lice shampoos are toxic to children and numerous strains of lice are immune to chemicals in on-the-counter goods.
His ideas are truly revolutionary — but it is not science fiction — it’s down to Earth, heavily researched science-based, practical projects that can be physically created right now. Truly impressive….
You will... ???
Presscontact:Ute Nanninga
“Nobody” she replied.
Meritocracy was the path to promotion
We are taught to expend all our energies and direct our collective attention towards those who would destroy our "sacred" constitution, those who run the federal reserve, those who have corrupted our political offices and run amok world wide, those who violate our borders, evils ad nauseum. Many "saviours" are put forth - Ron Paul, state secession, gold, re-election of any of a number of politicians, war in the streets. But not one of these identify the core problem, how to address it and our only solution. The federal reserve is NOT the problem. Neither is the alien or the jew. It's not the greed of the elites or those of our own who have sold out. These are all merely symptoms of a deeper rot. Our greatest hindrance is ourselves.
“Gates made his remarks to the invitation-only Long Beach, California TED2010 Conference, in a speech titled, “Innovating to Zero!.” Along with the scientifically absurd proposition of reducing manmade CO2 emissions worldwide to zero by 2050, approximately four and a half minutes into the talk, Gates declares, “First we got population. The world today has 6.8 billion people. That’s headed up to about 9 billion. Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.
I do not have time here to go into detail regarding the behaviour of the Duke administration, or of the Durham NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Coloured people) and the inaccurate, misleading and guilt alleging statement regarding the case on their website. The patently false information put out by the Durham Crime Stoppers group, stating incorrectly that there was strong evidence of rape, and also creating a myth, which was to continue throughout the case that the players were refusing to cooperate. Meanwhile an analysis of the false rumours, originating from at least one nurse, Tara Levicy, at Duke hospital that the accuser had sustained serious vaginal and anal injuries, whereas only a mild swelling and some evidence of thrush had been detected, would require a deeper investigation into pure human malice and the radical feminist mindset than I am inclined to go at this time. For those who wish to read more about these, I have listed a variety of sources at the bottom of this posting where further details of these can be found.
Sixteen-year-old Neva has been trapped since birth. She was born and raised under the Protectosphere, in an isolated nation ruled by fear, lies, and xenophobia. A shield "protects" them from the outside world, but also locks the citizens inside. But there's nothing left on the outside, ever since the world collapsed from violent warfare. Or so the government says...
Of course, it’s nicer to have the Sketch markers because of the caps having the color names on them, but is that worth $2.20 extra? I don’t think so!
So yes, before i get on to my candy! woohoo!! here's my final card!
collecting driftwood & shells
One of the strangest questions I get when doing school visits is, "If you didn't write them, would you read your own books?"
This is today’s discovery. It is a book in two volumes, worth taking a look at. It does not match with my analysis so far, either of places or of times. Yet it has a lot of data and some original ideas (like all the talas – rasatala, patala etc are Valleys…) He starts his account of Indian history around 7500 BC (Brahma) and traces it down from there…. It gives the name of Sri Krishna’s daughter (Charumathi) and Yuyutsu’s mother (Visakha)… and so much more… The two volumes are about 700 pages long but it is a limited preview edition, so you don’t have access to all the pages anyway!
Manifestations of this social engineering are the posting currency of many a blogger. The latest town hall idiocy ripped apart, mocked, wittily and inventively debunked and held up for ridicule across the libertarian echo chamber until the next one comes along as you know it surely will.
I am happy to be ringing in the New Year at St. Mark's Church in the Bowery on January 1, 2012 with such an amazing family of writers, artists and musicians.
Multiple combat
Prune all your bushes and trees as a part of staging your house to sell. Those considering your home will be able to see it clearly. It also makes the house look taken care of and well-kept. Keep in mind that the first impression is the most lasting one, so present the exterior of your house in its best light.
“I do.” I say flatly.
Now flip the body over and glue the wings on. You should have something that looks like this!
An androgynous looking young man with beautiful eyes and feminine hands gazes silently into the camera. A somewhat older, elegantly dressed woman with heavy makeup reminisces about a brief long-distance love affair between Tibet and Beijing, and an unusual sexual encounter with a taxi driver in Belgium. If you haven’t already guessed, the two are one and the same person. Born in China to ethnic Koreans, Jin Xing was already an internationally acclaimed dancer and choreographer when he underwent sex change surgery in 1996 at the age of 29. Zhang’s documentary about multi-hyphenate Jin Xing, one of China’s few officially recognized transwomen, picks up four years after her operation. Ultimately, the film’s focus is on people’s need for love and intimacy, regardless of sexual orientation. The skillful juxtaposition of vivid color with luminous B&W images of Jin Xing prior to surgery powerfully illustrates Xing’s words, “the past is a beautiful memory”, while the fragmented narrative seems to challenge the very notion of a documentary being able to fix immutably a life on film. A fascinating glimpse of an intriguing personality. Awkward subtitles, some dropouts in sound. (8/10)
Tip: To get perfect Koftas, all the ingredients should be free from water as much as possible. I remove the potatoes from water as soon as they are cooked and let it dry for 5 mins before I mash them. I also drain the water from the vegetables as soon as they are cooked.
Beauty advice from a supermodel
I’m also going to do my best to make sure that I’m trowing up (bleh!) something on here for the next week. That’s right. It’s another goal of 1 post per day for a week. (When it rains, it pours.)
I know, I know – I need to put the book away but I think something in it grabbed me and won’t let go. I find myself thinking about it just about every single day.
3/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
The Samsung ML 1710 Printer – By Using a Compatible Toner, You Can Be More Eco-Friendly
one beer
At the end of the day, I’m still an elitist snob who’s an introvert. And i’m not even ELITE. Hell.
What a year! And that's with my having to take time out from reviewing YA fiction from May to September because I was a judge for the Booktrust Teenage Book Prize. Then, once I was reading books that fell outside that time period, I could write about novels again.
Thank you again Jackie for stopping by and putting the fire under us to push ourselves harder, because dreams do come true - it just takes a lot of sweat, determination, talent, patience, and hard labor!
The cop brandishes the baton. Jae digs the keys out of a pocket.
Thus, even in 2012, the Indian law is unclear on whether it should grant immunity to intermediaries for copyright infringement claims. This is in complete contradistinction to the position in the United States. The Second Circuit (which is an appellate court) left no ambiguities when it made clear that the DMCA safe harbour provisions would be available to Youtube for both direct infringement (also known as 'primary infringement') as well as secondary infringement. American law seems to be taking a more progressive approach, whilst trying to define the exact contours of such immunity. Why is this important? Because the Indian MySpace decision holds the intermediary liable for primary copyright infringement under S.51(a)(ii) of the Indian Copyright Act. This is something that needs to be made explicit in the next version of the Intermediary guidelines to clarify the Indian law or in its absence, the sitting judges should appreciate this point in their next ruling on this issue.
We knew our time was limited.
Today’s reading featured four poets from Big Tent Poetry, one of my favorite online poetry websites. It was only recently that I discovered through the latest Voicecatcher newsletter, that Deb Scott, one of the three co-founders of Big Tent Poetry, lives right here in Portland. So of course that made this a must-see event for me. Joining Deb were Carolee Sherwood, another Big Tent co-founder, visiting from New York, and local poets Tiel Aisha Ansari and Dale Favier. The poetry was wonderful, the turnout great, and the venue was perfect. A morning of poetry– what better!
watermelon, strawberry, apple & mint salad – 13
When not writing or traveling with Barbara, Jack attempts to play golf. A devout convert to Roman Catholicism, Jack is married with three grown sons.
“Political differences shouldn’t be a barrier (for any assemblyperson) to assist the state in (carrying out) measures that would benefit the people,” said Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah when opening the state assembly.
DT term is August 1st to October 31st
doll on hogscraper
It's a blustery day here in Chicagoland.. Put some rocks in your pockets if you're going out! Otherwise, enjoy this beautiful day!
beneath the frosty embroidery
Defending the Caveman, Blue Man Group, Cirque du Soliel Beatles Love, The Venetian, Caesars Palace, The Mirage, and Madame Tousseds.
reject you.
upon which nothing sails.
Not very exciting as I just told you. The other two copies of Lingering Souls are kept in the sideboard for the matchups where you may end up needing it.
And I’m going to start one more sentence with and because my brain is shot.
Keep the artwork in .bmp format (.jpg is lossy ;-) Do not release behind any other label - Do not sell!!!
1 curative
During my first session of chemo my body had a reaction to the drug and my lungs failed to breath but I was given oxygen and fought for life. The first session was 5 hours long and the rest were three hours each.
For many many many years I have been a fan and collector of the gorgeous Miss Betty Boop. From T-shirts, Board Games inc Betty Boop MONOPOLY, Posters, Figurines, Glassware, Blankets and the list goes on and on and on and yes on some more :)
‘Objections, digression, gay mistrust, the delight in mockery are signs of health: everything unconditional belongs in pathology.’ and ‘Madness is rare in individuals– but in groups, parties, nations, and ages it is the rule.’ (before Carlin, with Clemens)
Legend has it that Coral has healing effects. Some believe that coral enables the wearer to open their heart Chakra and be able to recognize one’s blessing and to be able to find the joy and happiness in their lives.
Sligo Rovers v Bohemians – Friday 7.45
The blue strip on top is stamped with the Flower Wall Paper background stamp using Hero Arts Soft Pool ink. I rounded the corners, stamped a sentiment and added some pearls and a little bow.
So do we call upon a lot of saints, angels, and gods (lower case g…who were likely just enlightened souls from very long ago) for help, and pray to them? Yes we do. But we don’t worship them. No. We understand that they are intermediaries who can better understand our problems and what me may need (although honestly angels are a bit detached as well—absolutely no understanding of how time works, if you’re praying to angels for help be sure to be very specific in terms of when and where). I think it’s safe to say that most New Agers believe there is only one God who uses a very large task force of intermediaries to help us.
By IAN JOHNSON
With the recent loss of Roger Zirkle, a great gap was felt in our school board. With no time to place names on the ballot, Lee Godfrey, who had previously sought this office as a Democrat, began a write in campaign. Ms. Godfrey, unfortunately, represents a more liberal perspective than that of most citizens of the district. She has actively participated in anti-war rallys and could be a vote against Weekday Religious Education and issues of parents' rights should they come before the board.
Motif # C2-18:
According to Changene, this mechanism could be exploited to find a solution for Osteoporosis. In general terms, osteoporosis is a disease that involves weakening of bones due to calcium depletion, and the microarchitecture of the bones deteriorate. This sort of weakening of bones is one of the major problems faced by astronauts in zero-gravity. Due to the weightlessness experienced with the lack of gravity in space, their bones rapidly weaken.
I deared him. I befriended him. I loved him. But he never deared me, never befriended me, never loved me! I am being totally ignored by him!
I’m loving the category this week because I really love music and Ray Pruit was both dreamy and a dick during his time on 90210! If you remember the show you totally know what I’m talking about.
It has adorable cap sleeves but the weather has been ridiculous here, so I had to wear a sweater to keep from freezing.
Economic Principles
I am pleased to welcome the author Gary Ghislain today. Take it away Gary:
L
I like the new church. But the “get-to-know” you part is painful, vulnerable, and a mine-field of potentially awkward questions. Which in a small town you are expected to answer. My mother told me this week that she believes I am a “bruised person”–that whether people mean well or not, any contact hurts right now. I guess I would have to agree. The people are nice there, but I find myself tearing up in their midst at the pain of being apart from my kids.
UPDATE: 10th March, 2011. The Irish Times continues with what seems like a series of essays on the subject of upward rent reviews and today the Head of Investments and a director of agents, Lisney, Anne Hargaden gives her views on the matter. She starts her essay with an attack on “ill-conceived arguments presented through the media” and then goes on to make what must be the most vacuous arguments you are likely to hear on the subject (1) She attacks government’s interference in property rights disregarding the fact that governments constantly interfere in rights of citizens and companies all the time and she might consider that fact the next time she sees people having a cigarette outside their offices (2) She produces calculations which show that a 30% reduction in rent will have a, er 30% reduction in capital values (3) She claims that Irish citizens and banks and pensions are exposed to property and will be disadvantaged by reductions in rent (4) She says that existing commercial arrangements should see landlords willing to reduce rents when the tenant is at the point of insolvency and (5) Using wonky arithmetic (20% of 5% is 1%, not 2%) she claims that rent is but a small part of a retailer’s cost base and insolvent businesses which produce vacated premises will soon be filled again. It is to be hoped that the property industry does not let this woman near ministerial offices if it wishes to moderate the effect of the manifesto pledge – “ill-conceived argument”, highly-selective facts and wonky arithmetic will not impress.
By the water
But if you never cry then your well becomes dry and your storms seem to be prolonged and thirsting for relief. So cry out to God and release your tears so you can be free in His will for you. Trust me your tears from man are not going to carry you, cry to the Lord and He will deliver you. That is the truth. Man believes tears are signs of weakness and lack of faith, but tears to me are submission to God’s will to rescue us. Keeping my eyes on Him.
- I'm sure there are some misspellings here, definitely check the street names with your concierge.
So I am officially crap, a let down. I was determined I was going to do this 30 day challenge every day, and five days in, I failed it. I never follow through on anything, I am spineless.
If his sense of humor is above average for a politician, then they must be an exceedingly dull and humorless bunch of people. Nevertheless, New York magazine has discovered “photographic evidence … that Obama may, in fact, be the funniest person alive.”
:: I only used the ivory fleece for all the fabric pieces on the jacket (no contrasting fabrics used)
Giving it a shape and a new face with glow,
Enter: Park Howell
I remember reading an article on one of the conservative websites about our President. A lot of Christians were bashing him, and one liberal voice stuck out to me in the comments section. She said, “Why are you so disrespectful to our President. The office deserves respect.”
Date added
Here’s the best of the photos:
Quisiera yo renegar de
I have been waiting for this day for quite a while! I love spring and all the things that come with it. The beautiful weather, the sunny days and everything blooming and turning green.
But a few of us decided to stick through and came back later when the ride started functioning again. When it came to that upside down position, it did cause a slight jolt to the heart. But then, we all started to laugh. Of terror? Oh no…we were having fun! Started making faces to everybody watching and checking out each other on what was hanging out there.
Well and truly talked myself into extra work this evening!
Replied Augie, "They advertised me up."
Angie does a wonderful job in creating custom gift baskets for any occasion. I have been both a recipient and a giver of her wonderful baskets and have never been disappointed. She really takes care to create wonderful, one of a kind, gifts just for you. She can work with any budget too!
Holding the cone with your left hand., fill the one third of the cone with the rice and peanut mixture, add your fillings, and top with more rice. The zongzi should be packed pretty tight with no loose edges. Using the palm of your right hand, fold over the the ends of the leaves and press the rice into the cone flat. Do not roll the leaves or push the rice, they should be packed evenly using a pressing motion. The left hand should be holding the shape of the cone with the thumb and index finger wrapped around the top of the cone. In one smooth even motion, slightly curl the thumb and index finger of the left hand (turning the shape of the cone from a full circle to a circle with a flattened side) and use the right hand to hold the ends of the leaves flat against the cone. All the rice should be covered with bamboo leaves now. While holding the zongzi tight in the center of the cone with the left hand, use the right hand to fold the leaves over the edges of the cone in a triangular shape. The round cone has now become a triangle. At the top of the triangle (base end of the leaves), fold over the ends. Wrap the zongzi in the middle (it should include the end of the leaves that were folded over) by using a downward pulling motion. This will pull the string tightly. Wrap at least twice and secure with a slippery hitch. You may also double knot, but the slippery hitch allows for easy opening of the zongzi with a single pull.
And whatever your labors and aspirations,
That’s when Lin burst onto the scene, playing exceptionally well for an exceptionally disappointing New York Knicks team, and making the city of New York excited about something for once. (You know… aside from the perpetual contention of the Yankees, and the new Super Bowl champion Giants).
You can also make multiple books that you can attach to each other. For instance, with each of my children’s books, I have a book with the name of the project that has all my notes and drawings and to-do’s for that single project. But I wanted a second book -attached to that project that had all my RESEARCH on that only that ONE project. So I attached a second book to it. So when I select that book project I want to work on – up pops up BOTH books and I can keep my research separate from the other “business” information.
May 13—Mothers’ Day—DARK
This film, released in 1946, nearly forty years before I was born, has made a major impact on my life. Not only is it the first “old” movie I recall watching as a young child, but it also ignited my love affair with classic films. It has also been a source of comfort at times when, like grown-up George Bailey, my problems seemed insurmountable and I thought perhaps it would be better if I’d never been born.
We sell them over two days for $2-5 per can. It has been a great project, and one that myself and my ex-colleague are proud to have initiated. I will be posting a packet soon with more details.
Birds of Prey Issue 1
I would love to hear your ideas for encouraging your children to be walkers and enjoy the great outdoors.
Apart from longer trade timings (7 am to 7 pm), better infrastructure has contributed to the increase in the trade volume. At present, India is primarily exporting tomato and soyabean to Pakistan via the Attari-Wagah land route while the import list comprises cement, coal, gypsum, dry fruit, dates, soda ash and chemicals. In the import list, cement and coal are the new additions.
"Tired" goes away........
Today’s a big day for C.A.T. … its second e-book is published today… Neptune’s Angel… and what an adventure it has been.
Ed reformers like Bush havent learned that test scores are so limited, as evidenced by his successful efforts earlier this year to make FCAT more difficult. Supposed to be the solution to “failing schools,” test scores don’t translate to results that are actually important like college readiness for individual students. Such a reality delivers a blow to ed reformers narrative. The haste to implement suppressive testing regimes based on a “failing schools” meme has produced students who may score well on multiple-choice tests, but aren’t ready to succeed in college.
2 ten ounce bags frozen broccoli cuts (use fresh if you want…probably 2-3 small bunches)
*A blog and reviews are not necessary to participate. If you have a blog, then please post a challenge sign up and link THAT post (not your home page) into the linky on the page linked above. Non-bloggers, please leave a comment declaring your challenge level.
information detailing the quantity and types of jobs that will be created by your business.
Do you know what it is to be "a turkey"? In French, you can sometimes say, "I'm going to make the ________" to say you're going to be have in a certain way. Ex: "I'm going to act like a cry baby" = "Je vais faire le bébé".
By the way, the answers to questions 1 and 2 are as follows: 1) I dyed it like a crazy college kid and it faded to an ugly color that no one’s hair should be, and 2) it’s a sparkly booger. Just kidding. It’s a nose ring.
But, deep down, I'm happy being on my own. I don't need a lot of social stuff to keep me topped up with sunshine.
(picture tutorial right under)
I must have been a very good girl this year because this gentleman visited me a couple of nights ago and left me plentiful gifts. To be completely honest, my parents spoiled me beyond belief. As well as diverse presents such as The Inbetweeners on DVD, some Strictly Come Dancing goodies, my favourite perfume and - the ultimate in sexy stylishness - a snuggie (!), I was also given books and money (which, in my world, always somehow translates into books.
Level 1: MP Cost: 25, Duration: 30 seconds, Damage: +112%.
As the title says...PINK. So splash some pink on your card or project and you could win two of Amy's Gorgeous Sweet Pea Image sheets from Crafty Purple Frog
Responding to customer requests, our chefs have created a line of Light in Sodium soups with all the flavor and goodness of our regular soups, but containing 50% less sodium. Contains 340 mg of sodium compared to 690 mg in Amy’s regular cream of tomato soup. No GMOs – No bioengineered ingredients. All dairy ingredients are made with pasteurized, rBST hormone free milk. USDA organic. Certified organic by QAI. Ready serve. Gluten free. This Cream of Tomato Soup is made from organic sun-ripened tomatoes slowly simmered to bring out their natural sweetness. Amy’s dad says it’s the best reduced sodium tomato soup he’s ever eaten. We’re sure that you’ll agree.
This time as sparkling, glowing tales of Love.
writing implements, a notebook, a marble composition book or anything else suitable for keeping a journal.
Okay, so this past weekend, we flew up to PA to meet our friends and drove to our old college town. It’s a fun trip we like to plan in the spring, hanging out with cool people, pretending to go back in time when we didn’t have “grown-up” responsibilities. All together is was a fantastic, care-free weekend (but also ultimate fail with workouts and nutrition). I knew a lot of fried foods, drinks, and late night eating were on the agenda so I tried to maintain the idea that I would keep it somewhat under control. Nope…that did NOT happen. I mean it’s a little hard in a place where it is deemed acceptable to drink out of a pitcher.
I only do a sample meeting for clients who spend over 10K. And only if they ask.
The study reveals that film stars are no longer considered to be larger than life in terms of his or her persona and lifestyle; they are now real individuals who have risen to extraordinary heights. This shift in how celebrities are viewed is largely attributed to the availability of more real time, wide spread knowledge of what the stars do off screen – be it television shows, blogs, news controversies, or activism. While celebrities were once virtual prisoners of the characters that they played on-screen, they are now seen as individuals whose personal traits earn them as much admiration as their display of talent on-screen. His real attitudes and his larger life story is where the opportunities for brands lie.
I do try to use my truth, though, my understanding of my essential shortcomings (perhaps, words are slippery, I could say sins and that too would be accurate but sins are done willfully and while I willingly allowed myself to be do and have and now have to deal with the stain on my soul, I did not willfully set out to show myself the fragile human that I am and yet I have and here I am) drives the philosophic voice that chooses the words that defines the course of the flow of my awareness.
simply suffer;
Cited motorists who buy a hands-free device before their scheduled court date can go to City Hall and have their fines withdrawn, Heuer said.
I fallowed this ladies tutorial HERE on how to cover the tops of the jars with coffee filters... only I don't drink coffee and the filters are in my craft room for use with glitter. I stained mine with a bit of water, soy sauce and a squirt of an oil based dark walnut scratch repair liquid. (I had it on hand) I love how the oils and water don't mix... when you go to soak anything in there the oils at the top swirl around and take the the paper in different patters.
Soak potatoes in large bowl of cold water for 10 minutes. Tick or trim off any bruises with the tip of a sharp knife. Remove potatoes from water onto kitchen towel, covering them to dry.
Also at the HAI weekend, I felt moved to offer spiritual healing, and did what I felt moved to do, offering at the solar plexus chakra, the seat of power. This makes no intellectual sense to me, indeed my inner rationalist could easily produce the arguments to refute it- but it felt real, and right, and my inner rationalist does not feel, itself, any need to produce that refutation. The person felt something.
-earth balance
Jimi appears onstage at two shows with Phish at Radio City Music Hall. They cover the Motown classic “Take Me To The River” and Nirvana’s “In Bloom.”
100 gr all-purpose flour
Please show the Cockneys they are not alone. Thank you.
How else can you explain the popularity of someone as intellectually counterfeit and ethically suspect as Glenn Beck in America?
Be specific! Because our lifestyle is normal to our kids, it is hard for them to express their thoughts about it and put them into words. Asking a child from an average household how he feels about eating packaged cereal, will get you the same blank stare as asking one of mine how he feels about eating bulk cereal.
Rather than feel TOO sorry for myself about not being with so many of my crafty friends at CHA in Anaheim, I decided to do some stamping this weekend. Didn’t get much else accomplished, but at least I had fun!
After I recovered, I again told him that "hell" is usually considered a swear word - and so it's probably not a good idea to use it around his friends or at school. But that I was proud of him and his command of the English language.
I’ve lived fear
At the lake, we soaked in the sun, while Khmers swam (fully clothed, of course).
Cricut Cartridge: Sweet Treats, Storybook
With dinner finished, the music is turned up and everyone has a dance. Carole is doing Salsa classes so she shows us her moves as she dances to some Latin number. Most people leave around mid-night (they all have to get up and work the next day) and I start to load the dishwasher.
However, it has not been forgotten in our annals of I WANT THAT NAUGHTY IN MY MOUTH (whoa), and so, as I stood in front of my stove with a whole butternut squash, a whole smoked and crockpotted chicken and a giant leek, it became the answer to the What The Fuck Am I Going To Make From This Shit? question.
to loath the lies
So if I had it all to do over again, I wouldn’t have laughed. I would have found that woman after the breakfast, and this is what I would have said.
An even earlier era is evoked in the fantastic "I Feel what I Feel" which updates 60's AM pop/rock radio, all bright sunshine and harmonies. "The Choice is Yours" is the best of the up-tempo numbers, laden with hooks and great guitar licks.
This one is like a light music, a little up-tempo, compared to the tune of other four stories.
1 blowin'
I dont seem to have much time in the day because throughout the day i study and revise and study , and fascinating things like that, i also work at a hospital part time , im looking to work more hours and i teach English.
- She loves to draw with any medium she is given. She is also particularly fond of gluing things into a collage and wiping the glue all over herself.
*we toured greenwood, ms and saw where the help was filmed
Why this is something Founded would like to advertise to clients is beyond me. But what do I know?
To all the women of Oneida
@_@
I AM THE BEST, UGLY, SCREAM, and LIKE A VIRGIN
The easiest teachers to think about are of course the ones associated with public schools. I was fortunate to have a high proportion of really good teachers. Being involved in the arts and excelerated classes probably helped. But if I had to pick just one it would have to be Miss Suzanne Kelly. She taught English when I was in 7th grade. She told me that if I could use a dictionary and learn to type it wouldn’t matter that my spelling was bad and my handwriting illegible. Best advice I’ve ever gotten.
Even nicer as this particular bar is Joe's and Joe, knows good beer. We have all the Belgian biggies and a spot of Hofbrau too... Granted in comparison to the, very good, Saigon beer it's a bit pricey but hey what's £2 when a lobster costs you £4?
I’ve always thought of yellow as a happy color. The color of sunshine and summer, lemons, buttercups, dandelions, and sunflowers. Bright yellow just POPS right out at you, as if the yellow object is lit from within. In some cultures yellow is associated with happiness and peace. The Buddha wore yellow robes after Enlightenment.
I'm also a photographer, guitarist, professional speaker, golfer, and semi-pro magician. I live in the Northwest with the world's most perfect wife and my two almost-perfect sons. No, I don't sleep much. You can catch up more with me at
I was one of those and when she lost her fight to cancer I was upset, every April I never forget her, every day I never forget her, we all, especially mum and I, miss her so much!
As our time drew near to leave Sundrawoti, the time also drew near to take a lot of group pictures by which to remember all the friends we’d be leaving behind. In my experience, the problem with being in a picture is that I tend to not be the one taking it. The problem is worse in a country where the average person I ask to take a picture may easily be doing so for the first time.
After I won the trial, with the time before she was evicted running out she started a variety of threats and claims she wouldn't move out no matter what - she'd sued the association, the lawyers everybody. She'd kill everybody, she had powerful friends that would ruin us all ..... That certainly put us in a receptive frame of mind, now didn't it?
The mall we visited the most was Tunjungan Plaza since the hotel had a shuttle service that took us there. It is very close to the Marriot and on a couple of occasions we walked there. We spent most of our time at Stingers, a game area with an indoor playground on the 5th floor and at the play area in the basement of the mall.
Under the hood, the Passat 2012 bucks the trend toward the ranks of middle-class all-four-cylinder engine with V-6 offers a robust, high-mileage diesel, and five-cylinder, two last are the only engine they type in the class.
At the grief group yesterday a woman said she wished her divorced daughter would find someone to grow old with. As if that’s all that was necessary — to find someone. I did have someone to grow old with, and now I don’t. Even if I come out of this okay, he will still be dead, so how is that okay? Damn it! This is not the way our lives were supposed to be!
One wonders how our society could treat a traumatised person of any age like this.
So, thinking about worrying and anxiety has been a very interesting and useful process for me, but the real test will be what I choose to do with my newly-found insights. I literally do not know what it feels like to not worry, but I have a feeling that I'm soon going to find out. . . .
Whisper Moon;
These are just ordinary people, who are relentless, selfless, who have little money but loads of love, kindness, or just do it because they have no choice... who else is going to do it. Sometimes they get a little bit of help from the State... a bit of money, a small grant, a ride to a day centre, a bit of respite care, someone who listens, a group they can go to and get a break, or training, or a laugh, sharing experiences. Sometimes.
They put the bomb in the seabed.
Hopefully, we as parents can take the time and love we need to examine all of our choices to see if they make sense and feel right. But we should also be sure to think about what our children would say if they had a voice - and then find ways to give them that voice as early as possible, listen to it, heed it, and allow them the freedom to express. And, hopefully, we will be able to live our lives in such a way that, with time, child abuse can be eradicated from our society.
50g chopped hazelnuts
Nothing beats straight-from-the-oven brownies....am I right??
One part of the book I will never forget is this, the section on gun safety:
I turned 40 yesterday and it was undoubtedly the best birthday I have had as an adult. Instead of reflecting, I sat back and enjoyed my day at work, enjoyed my four daughters, and had found great peace in the time that I spent with Jen.
Then you can drizzle the green melted chocolate over the tops of those bare little truffles sitting pretty on the waxed paper. Mine are not nearly as pretty as Bakerella's but I did my best and they tasted awesome.
“Yes, it is!” The words came a bit more defensive than I would have liked. This is my third time. I have already tried this pr0ject twice. And yeah, I have failed. But do you know what the last two times have in common?” I waited for a brief moment. “The last two times, someone who I thought loved me, showed no support at all. Think it over.” With this, I hung up. The truth is this. I am doing this for me. Not for anyone else. I am the one, looking to improve my own life, by doing this project. But, you know what…Everybody needs a little support. This is, by no means, a small mission. So why should I hear, right out of the gate, that there is no way I can do it? How is that beneficial?
17 mars 1883
So here you see the hubby making sure we know where the ceiling studs are so we can attach the initial plywood above to begin the framing of the new wall. We managed to get the first piece up, but had to call it a day when our last minute out of town guest arrived last Saturday evening. So we had to hide all that junk that was in the dining room into the garage temporarily...
Colors coalesce in a paisley cloud
I can't promise when I can make a proper review since I'm in a lazy mode. Well what can I say, it's school holiday so everything must be holiday too wtf. But I'm going to tell you those taobao shops that can be trusted (in case you want to know where did I bought them wtf).
The winner will be announced on the blog on 18 April. Good luck!
21. I Like Beer -- Tom T. Hall
I’m a thousand-plus words into this reaction and I have yet to mention Johnny Depp’s Mad Hatter. Here’s why: the character is rather useless.
outfit - tattered rose
He drove himself to the hospital. It wasn't a long wait, 30 minutes later he called to say they were med-flighting him to another hospital. His phone battery was going dead and he would call once he got admitted to a room. I didn't know what was going on and he said he would explain later. This is where things got really stressful, I (they, actually) misplaced my husband and had no way to contact him! We were told he was flown to a different hospital!
Because of its horn, Goldeen can learn many horn-based attacks. It can also learn Waterfall by level-up, even though it’s an HM move in most gens.
I want to address the issue from a more mature, reflective and wise stance of the “Both/And,” model of consideration, rather than our usual, reflexive and truly adolescent “Either/Or,” way of thinking, to address our common good here.
f people like you watch over the well being of We,
Oh! I also made the brooch! Variety!
Here are a few ideas to get you started:
In May 1976 with an influx of Malawi Asians into his Bermondsey constituency, Bob. Mellish, then Labours’ chief whip, told the Commons, “With 53 million of us we cannot go on without strict immigration control.”
The problem of moral luck can be simply stated: what role should luck play in the moral assessment of someone’s actions, accomplishments, failures, achievements and so on? Luck can be roughly defined as any action, event or state of affairs that is outside the control of the person being assessed. In his analysis of the issue, Nagel identified four main varieties of moral luck. They are (taken from the SEP article):
She ended up wearing more than she ate, I think.
Jericho Solus Blurb:
dreamt blood.
Bachmann understands tax law--the single biggest inhibitor to new business growth in America today. Furthermore, no agency abuses or intentionally intimidates the American citizen more than the Internal Revenue Service, although the numbnuts at the Department of Homeland Security are quickly catching up. Appoint Bachmann as SecTreas and instruct her to clean house, revise the tax code, abolish IRS, and make America prosperous again. To help her do that, we'll appoint--
Net completion: 262/1500
Fantastic job ladies. Good luck as you take on Firelands Wednesday
Those of my readers who followed the discussion of the tactics of magic in last autumn’s Archdruid Report will doubtless be able to think of several good reasons why this approach is problematic, but there’s another dimension to the problem. In contemporary activism, the worst case scenarios that play so large a part in the rhetoric are there to pressure people into supporting the movement. In climate change activism, certainly, that was the case.
So, they were glued, painted and then I popped pretty little dots of colors on top of the chairs. I didn't put anything on top of the table 'cause when the gifts and the cake were on it I didn't want it to look too busy. Yep..I'm Martha Gnome-rt.
So far, our 6 kids have faired a bit better. We've had our heartaches with them, don't get me wrong. They've just been different issues without jail, attorneys, out of wedlock sex, etc.
The throat chakra is the “chimney” to our heart chakra. What we feel in our heart we express through our throat chakra. When both chakras are open, our message to those around us is uplifting and positive. We realize that “every expression we release into the world will have an impact, whether we want it to or not.” Pg 137
Craig Johnson sent this post to his fans and readers, so I asked if I could repost it for all and sundry to read. I'm looking forward to Longmire which starts on A&E in June, and I've just finished Craig's lastest novel, As the Crow Flies. It's terrific!
They have a definite “pecking order” though and seem to respect that for the most part. Miss Abbey is the Queen, then Miss Myne is the princess and Sunny is the baby. Miss Myne has her nose bent out of shape this evening because Sunny is on a special diet of soft food until his mouth is better. Miss Myne thinks he has moved up in the chain of command is unhappy because she is not getting the same food. It does no good to remind her that she was on special food for almost 3 months when we first got her. Myne has a conveniently short memory concerning this.
Technical notes:
Surely when G-d
Don’t worry, it’ll pass
Then, his cough got worse- a lot worse, with a temperature well over 103 degrees. We used his nebulizer, as we always do when he has asthma flare ups, but it didn’t help. Back to the emergency room we went. It had been four days since our last visit.
- print these cards, cut them out, and laminate
I stick with PCs because I like to play computer games that often aren't setup for Macs. So that's what I'm doing as the show goes on.
Every so often she tries to deep throat but can’t even get me halfway
But we’ll get to that moment when they get here later.
I picked these flat up in Aussie at Rubi shoes, only $10 and super comfy! I also purchased a watch check it oooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuut. Ive been wanting a nice chunky watch for awhile now and I finally found one I like....must get some close up pictures for you fellas.
How can you participate?
Jill is a talented artist who has shown that she can create art in any media she works with. Her positive spirit is infectious and is reflected in her mixed media work that is full of joy, passion, energy and color. Her more serious side can be seen in her representational works of portraits and both urban and natural landscapes. We collaborated together, along with 4 other artists (Supria Karmakar, Veronica Funk, Rita Vindedzis and Roxanne Evans-Stout), on an altered book project called Inner Works. We worked together on a Global Guerilla Knit Project. And more recently, we collaborated on a poetry and art altered book project which you will soon hear more about.
Kelly Clarkson – Mr. Know it All
First, trying to reverse a negative with a negative will never work. When you’re looking at you weight and you’re thinking and feeling, “I’m so over weight” all you’re doing is acknowledging the fat cells. However, just saying “I’m so slim and beautiful” won’t work either. Because deep down you’re lying to yourself. And most of us with any moral compass will sense the lie on a cellular level.It’s still a negative statement.
You have also learned how to sit from standing/vise versa, but only still if you are holding on to something. You have let go two times, brave little girl, but unfortunately it only proved that you are not quite there yet. You fell on flat on your face :( Bless you heart. You got your lack of coordination/clumsiness honest. Sorry!
bitter resin, root of the Mother’s name,
Why isn’t Singapore attracting the best Chinese talents? Instead of examining the cause, we settle for their “lesser talents”, many of whom are uncouth peasants from the poorer inland provinces.
I have been working hard on taking better pictures. Slowly, but surely. I was so excited when these workshops opened up. I took the Photography 101 and even though I felt like I had some of the basics down, I felt like maybe I had been going about it all wrong.
People rightfully think that it'd be foolish to put your entire life savings on the outcome of a football game. Why would you gamble your faith on one?
I suppose it's my interpretation of vintage anyway :0)
My fellow Pilgrims,
This post was suppose to go up on Thursday, but when does blogger do exactly what it is suppose to do. It always seems to be temperamental for me when I'm not feeling my best.
of the French Revolution
I reencountered the anosmic man in Tesco. At least I assume he wasn’t able to smell as the elderly gentleman’s size twenty clown were shoes coated in the foulest-smelling dog muck, thus effectively providing him with an invisible force-field, that had previously (literally) repelled me whilst he was busy conducting a conversation with the breakfast cereals…
I’ll live with all the stakes
and so it goes......
1. got to visit with this cute thing. here is my nephew, ezekiel, eating fruit leather and interrupting a game of ping-pong by crawling onto the ping-pong table!
Voila! Low fat, spicy, hot, and delicious.
I ADORED this book, everything about it just blew me away. There is so much emotion behind the main character, Saffron, that I was whisked away to her world the second I began reading. Not only did I feel her pain, but my heart literally ached for the girl and the unusual situation she had found herself trapped within.
Day 4, bake a cake from stratch. Again, 2 attempts were made. 2nd turned out good, but realized I still forgot an ingredient....no one could tell but me. I can't imagine having NO mixer, NO electric oven, or convenient utensils like we have today.
Well, ya'll all know there is nothing like a moon pie and an RC Cola to take care of a little hunger pain and here is a cute way to decorate a plain old moon pie and make it something special for Halloween! Unwrap your moon pies and insert a 9" wooden dowel into the side, up through the marshmallow middle. I pushed my dowel through, almost to the top. Now you are ready to decorate them. I laid them all out on a sheet of wax paper and used melted chocolate as my glue. I used the back of a spoon as my spatula and applied the melted chocolate all around the outter edge, then sprinkled orange Halloween sprinkles while the chocolate was sticky. It only takes a few minutes for it to harden. After the melted chocolate was hard I turned the moon pies over and shook off the excess sprinkles. I attached candy corn with more melted chocolate, let that harden, packaged them in cellophane bags from AC Moore and tied them with curling ribbon in Halloween colors! These are the cutest little treats! I can't wait to give these to the children that will be coming to have some Halloween fun with me at school on Friday! They will be so surprised! Just let your imagination run with the decorating! I love the banana moon pies too and I think they would be so cute decorated with a monogram! Now you know everyone needs a monogrammed moon pie! Hope ya'll have as much fun making these fun treats as I did! Trick or Treat!!!
Although Landor’s study does not include Indian teens, the findings are relevant to the (urban) Indian context too. A former colleague who studied in one of the more posh schools in Mumbai with more than a dozen Bollywood kids as his classmates told me that they ‘went the whole hog’ by the time they graduated out of Class Ten. He laughed heartily as I looked at him with some amount of disbelief (and perhaps a little jealousy) and assured me he wasn’t lying.
She might be a little old lady but she still washed the financing of international terrorism through her bank accounts that resulted in the worst act of political terrorism in Europe of the 21st Century, with 8 killed at the Government building and 69 kids murdered on a summer camp with many more injured and maimed. No wonder she said her son was insane, he must have been to have done that to her.
Here’s another one
We cut over to the get a couple of looks at the ponds before cutting back to the river when we noticed a few pair of Redheads on the furthest south pond, along with an industrious beaver taking a break on the north shore.
P.S.: This visit was part of a tour organised by Doreen D’Sa of Doe’s Ecotours. She can be contacted at does_ecotours@yahoo.co.in.
I just got the chance to sit down and watch Barack Obama's inaugural address online, and I have to say that it brought tears to my eyes. Here I am, sitting in an internet cafe in Thailand wearing my Texans for Obama t-shirt and crying. A girl from Holland sitting next to me asked if I was ok, and the only response I could muster was to point at the screen. She smiled, gave me a hug, and said, "I think the whole world is proud of him today."
So, just when I think I am getting this blogging thing down, my computer goes haywire and I can't add the pictures to my blog and the spacing gets all messed up....so had to end my post and start over, sorry!
After Sherlock Holmes' death, Dr. Watson recounts the most horrific tale of their investigating career, one which he wants sealed for 100 years after his death. Edmund Carstairs, an art dealer, seeks the help of the two because he believes he is being stalked by Keelan O'Donaghue, the head of the Flat Cap Gang, which was behind a train robbery that resulted in the loss of several very valuable paintings Carstairs' gallery was selling in the US. Back in London, Carstairs fears for his safety, and that of his new wife. When Sherlock investigate, he finds that seemingly unremarkable people in Carstairs' case seem also to be involved with an organization called the House of Silk, which is tied to horrific murders. Sherlock's brother Mycroft tells him to let it be, since his sources indicate that high level officials don't want this matter looked into, but of course this is not the case. Sherlock is framed in the death of a young girl and is in the most precarious position of his career. Plenty of twists and turns lead up to the conclusion of the mystery.
2. Ethan beginning elementary school
2 politics
11. Porch
Some people want to let them come. Black and liberal groups complained bitterly last year about a New Year’s Eve operation that sent back 400 Haitian boat people. U.S. Rep. Connie Meek (D-Fl) led a group of black protesters waving placards saying “Equal Justice for Haitians,” and demanding the 400 be allowed to “stay.” They want to give Haitians the same rights as Cubans fleeing communism, so that if they set foot in the U.S. they will be let in.
The Gift-Giver actually went as far as to pantomime a nervous swallow. Rel resisted the temptation to call her out on the bad taste of the gesture. She couldn't really think he was fooled. She said, "The Sherim we were in last night is in Dora's head."
Mrs. Liping Wen,
3. Shutter
For this warp, arch over to belted in beyond breadth three Goombas are awash about a campfire. Breach alfresco of the belted in area, and angle beneath the timberline abutting to the fence. Your appearance will bastardize to accession tree, adapted next to the freezing pond. You can aswell bastardize from the timberline in the freezing pond to the timberline next to the campfire.
Rennee is a trained nutritional therapist and has taken responsibility for the main part of the menu, with Kate providing tempting home-baked desserts. Last Friday the menu was tandoori chicken (or paneer skewers for the veggies) with rice, and a chocolate cake complete with custard and truffle on top for pudding. There were salads and bread to share on the tables and tea, coffee and water all included. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly (overused adjectives I know, but it really was). Four long tables seated around 40 people and a kid-sized dining area meant children could also eat together. There were some toys on a mat and a few trikes and bikes in the yard.
I’ve decided to add a new challenge today. And that challenge is to not spend any money today. I’ve never been great with money. I’ve always had enough to pay my bills, but at the end of every two weeks I find myself counting pennies just to make it to payday. How does this happen? I’ve read stories of families of 4 living on half of what I make. Granted, I do have huge student loans to pay off, but still- I don’t have a mortgage, I don’t have a car, I rarely go on crazy shopping sprees. The truth is, when I go back and look at my debit card statement, most of my unnecessary purchases are on food- and food that I don’t even need! A few dollars here and there really adds up at the end of the week. Often I’ll go out and buy a little something when I’m bored or anxious. This habit is not good for my wallet or my waistline.
Well I hope you enjoyed and give these awesome techniques a try! Thanks for looking! Be sure to check out the store for most all of the goodies mentioned above! Hugs!
Here are my 3 favorites:
This year I participated in such a conference; the GOTO conference in Aarhus, Denmark (the conference was formerly known as JAOO). Here the lineup of speakers was also heavily tilting towards men, but it is one of the conferences which actively tries to get female speakers, and they had managed to get some really great ones, including Linda Rising, Rebecca Parsons, and Telle Whitney.
There are a variety of excuses I can offer you guys, but one of them when it is made a bit more public will I am sure gain your approval.
“for I have come down from heaven to do not my own will but the will of the one who sent me.” (John 6:38 CJB)
Brown the butter in a heavy saucepan 4-5 minutes over medium heat. Add the leeks and ground caraway and 1/2 teaspoons salt. Stir to prevent the butter from burning. Lower the heat and cook covered for leeks 8-10 minutes until the leeks have softened.
Najib claimed that RM1.5 billion needed was “not substantial compared to EPF funds”. He further added that “the scheme does not undermine the interests of the EPF because the value of the housing units in the market is far higher than the purchase price… If a buyer is unable to or does not repay the loan, the unit can be sold for a higher price.”
Distinguished guests, students of the Class of 2012, parents and all the family members of the Graduating Class, members of the IWSB Board, the media, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the IWSB’s Third Convocation and Graduation Ceremony. At the outset, I would like to welcome our Chief Guest, Deep Kalra, Founder and CEO, MakeMyTrip.com. I welcome, one and all present here, this evening.
Lavender? Really, Debbie? Wouldn't it look like rainbow sherbet? Or a kid's bathroom? Possibly, but the heart wants what the heart wants. So yesterday I took the package for the curtain (made out of the same peach cotton as the top row with ruffles of the darker pink and lighter purple - so cute!) to Home Depot and bought a gallon of Behr in Sweet Petal. It's on the pink side of lavender and has just a touch of gray in it. I think it will be perfect.
What was God going to do? Submit to the evil influence of Satan and admit that the highpoint of His creation, the human race, was a failure? According to Isaiah 43:7, man was created for the glory of God. Has that purpose been overthrown? Then in Genesis 3:15, The seed of the woman would bruise the head of Satan. Did He fail in this as well?
Then, after the Fall of Adam and Eve, in Genesis 3:23-24:
You can't stop the truth from getting out.
To roll out the pasta, on a lightly floured surface, cut the dough into six or eight pieces. Working one piece at a time, fashion each piece into a rough rectangle, then pass it through your pasta machine on the widest setting . Fold dough in half or in thirds and pass it through again. Then fold and pass it through one more time.
Mr Burnip, who is 51 and from Hebden Bridge, was looking out from Watbarrow
Cream painted metal &wonderfully vintage in style.
R.S.V.P. My Crepe Suzette
For this image I used pinks for my shadows. I actually used the same three rv04, rv06 and rv09 for the dress, the cape, the socks, the shoes, the basket and the hair. Although, the way in which the pinks mixed with the under color they're shading really changes the way that they look. Granted, this effect isn't really grounded in realism. But often artists choose emotion of realism. And I like the way that pink feels as a shadow. What I really enjoy, visually, is playing with the expectation of shadow--we often think of shadows as dark or cool. But using a vibrant pink sets that expectation on its head and provides for a lot of visual interest.
Standing in their way is an unlikely duo. Agent Bernadette Callahan is an investigator with a shadowy government agency known as Section on the trail of a supernatural killer. Sebastian “Batty” LaLaurie is a lecherous college professor with a talent for drinking large amounts of alcohol and a vast amount of knowledge regarding “Paradise Lost.”
Dietary modifications are essential in the treatment and prevention of ischemic heart disease. The following dietary changes are recommended:
precious to the earth.
Bursting with that hidden fire,
It is obvious the crowd that attended this concert was having a great time. The band cooked, the crowd was excited and King Biscuit captured it as well as could be asked. There is a lot of atmosphere on the recording, but unlike many live recordings the crowd noise does not distract. Instead it adds to the feeling of excitement. I think that with Canned Heat, as with the Grateful Dead and other blues bands, the crowd is as much a part of the performance as the music.
Meyer CR. Semen quality in workers exposed to carbon disulfide compared to a control group from the same plant. J Occup Med 1981; 23: 435-439.
Session 1, ON-campus (tuition, room & board): $1655
Known for their hip music scene and trivia nights, Mucky Duck will also be hosting an ALMS themed Trivia Night for all to enjoy the thrill of competition! Not only it will be a good night for fans to gather and compete for a cool prize from the race track, there will also be a car competing in the racing series parked outside (if weather/other conditions permits). Those who wants to snag a photo with a race car, make sure you stop by~ Beer, music, food (mmm lamb burger), new friends, motorsports ~ Don’t miss out!
Nirvana Rape me US
It's time for a new challenge at Elphine House Australia! This past challenge we had 11 entries!!! That's so awesome! Now we're going for 15!
If the mandate is stricken, even the reform’s supporters say the law would be undermined and could be scrapped. Health insurers demanded the mandate in exchange for universal coverage, which is a basic building block for the reform.
The following are excerpts from a statement by Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on January 7, 2010, and a response by PA Minister of Religious Endowments Mahmoud Al-Habbash, which aired on PA TV on January 12, 2010.
Cookies (especially pumpkin chocolate chip)
For my take on Martha's outfit I chose this blue and white dress to work with. First I'll strip it down of some of the accessories I wore today and just show it with and without the belt so that you can see the difference it makes. This belt is obviously designed to accentuate my waist in the most dramatic way; it fits snugly at my smallest circumference, and flares slightly as it reaches towards my hips. Since I don't have much bust to work with, I wear a lot of these wide belts to bring definition to my small waist. Another type of belt I love for versatility and comfort are wide elastic belts, such as my black corset belt. Elastic belts are awesome because they fit comfortably even if you feel bloated or just had a big meal, they can be worn high, low, or in the middle, and they stay put. Be careful with wide belts if you're short-waisted though, as they do have a tendency to shorten your torso. Angie over at You Look Fab is an excellent resource for all sorts of advice for different figures.
Mom sent me a newspaper clipping of Becky in her military uniform. It was weird because Becky wasn’t smiling in the photo and she always smiled. That’s the one thing I remember about her; she always had a smile on her face. I wonder if Beck is still in the service and if Ellen is cooking at some Five-star restaurant like she dreamed she would. Maybe someday I’ll find out.
Since the 2009 aero rules sidepods are extremely limited in the openings they are allowed, so most of the flow has to exit between the rear wheels. Normally sidepods send the heated air from the radiators back through the tapered rear (known as the coke bottle, due to its shape). In a simple sidepod this means the coke bottle ends with an opening and the hot air passes out and over the diffuser. However this makes the tail of the coke bottle unduly wide, which creates a blockage between the rear wheels and blocks flow over the diffuser. Red Bull discovered with the RB5 that the radiator airflow can pass up towards the centre of the car and exit above the gearbox in a bulged opening. This keeps the tail of the coke bottle nice and narrow.
We learn that Melisandre’s views on good and evil are different from Stannis’, and she comes across as being very otherworldly in this scene. I thought the shadow demon baby looked incredible, and I’m glad that the showrunners decided to really go for it in this bizare, fantasy heavy scene, rather than tone things down. Also, even as a veteran reader of the books I still don’t have a handle on Melisandre. She’s demonstrated time and time again that her god, R’hllor, has legitimate power, but we still don’t know for sure who she serves. Her ability to birth a demon on short notice seems to indicate that she’s not necessarily a force for good.
I'm literally at a loss for words. I never imagined I'd hit that mark.
Hippy-djkit
Brenna
I reflect on his stories, about his various jobs, the places he has sung, the people he has sung for, looking for clues, things that will tell me how he has become a person who is unafraid to be himself - a person unafraid to sit in the corner of a chippers and sing into a child's toy whilst gangs of teenagers, their boxers peeping up behind their trousers, order burgers, and young people on their way home from work order meal deals so they won't have to face empty, cold flats and start cooking.
Background – Double laid filling (Over dyed floss 1030 and Kreinik 5555)
crystal shining
this technique is really easy and you don't need anything special for it - just a few bottles of glimmer mist, a glimmer screen and left overs from your birthday candles.
Not that E@L hasn't had a lot to smile about in the preceding thirteen full moons (see below, re: medications) but, as mentioned above, the Time has not yet arrived to enumerate and discuss these... Hang-on, there's a (conveniently timed) knock at the door. Nope, still not Time, it's one of those otherwise unemployable telephone company salesman, wants to know if E@L would care to buy Telstra. E@L told him if he didn't leave he'd shoot a kitten.
In a big bowl, pour litchi purée, incorporate beaten egg whites so you get an homogene mixture, then fold in the whipped cream.
This is also a purely subjective list, based on my own preferences, and makes no claims about being the "best" of anything. But all of the items here have earned my strong recommendations and I hope you will enjoy them as well. For more food-related items, you can just search my blog posts for the past year.
Life choices? Dear God, they were raped for years. One girl left a letter for the staff at her children’s home saying she was being abused. It was ignored. So the poor kid wrote another. It was only when a teacher spotted that one pupil was pregnant and a suspicious number of Asian-looking men were picking her up at the school gate that the alarm was raised.
We may not be sure if garlic actually repels vampires, but we can be certain it repels toxins from the body.
Our hunt for Rhinos today takes us to Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet Mall near Chester....one of a growing breed in the UK.
1 faceless
But, Ehrenreich notes, “it is not enough, though, to cull the negative people from one’s immediate circle of contacts; information about the larger human world must be carefully censored.”
‘Let’s go,’ says Frank.
Jesus, when are you coming?
Just so much room to have a laugh, it’s why I talk about it so much, some of the best times I ever had.
Tampering with Medicare this year, a huge distraction from the task of encouraging job growth, was possibly the dumbest thing the White House and Democrat Congress could have done. There will be a senior citizen payback at the ballot box in November.
schoolwork, or a longer teaching day. Many make this clear in their job
The expression on my face watching 8mm mirrored Nicholas Cage’s. What a dark, disturbing film. The thing is, this is not the first time I have seen it. I first watched 8m around ten years ago on HBO. It was the kind of viewing experience I did not find entertaining, yet hoped it was attempting to put forth some message to justify its vulgar content. I just worked up my nerve to watch again to watch with a critical eye to see what I could glean.
Typical of the way the commission works, though, Vassalos's letter did not mention was the very point highlighted in Booker's article: that a central theme of papers he has published with increasing urgency since 2004 has been the vulnerability of huge modern cruise ships to capsizing if their hulls are breached – the so-called "damage stability".
Hmmmmm... they're both pretty gross. Miracle Whip, I guess. But only a little. A very, very thin layer on a sandwich.
200,000 million - people supposed to be saved
You are my God, my Father, my Beloved one, my Friend… in everything I diligently seek You. My innermost parts THRIST and LONG for You. Inside I am dry without Your living waters flowing in and out of me.
“Compared that to the sale of Sarawak state land where there is no open tender.
The new Save Planet Earth totebags are made from seven recycled bottles! It's a pretty cool, sturdy tote, if I do say so myself! I can't believe they're made from old, melted down, plastic bottles!
I give them a bit two thumbs up!
#17 If you fall in love with two people simultaneously, who would you pick?
Mr Penny said: “The family is philanthropically inclined and, notably, established a charitable trust which, although currently primarily devoted to helping community projects in North Wales, has given to educational and development projects in Africa. “It recently attempted to support a school in Jamaica close to the site of the family plantation, but the Jamaican school has not yet followed up the offer.”
So the next time you find yourself sparring with a liberal bomb thrower, unsheathe the sword of truth. Go forth and conquer.
QUOTING From Lao Tzu:
Favorite Network TV Comedy
Mix for 30 seconds at low speed, then add half the egg mixture on medium speed for 1 min. Add the rest of the egg mixture in two batches, mixing each for 30 seconds. Spoon the batter into the loaf pan and spread evenly. Bake for 55 min.
C’mon, are you singing “I’m Alright” by Kenny Loggins this very second? You’re wiggling around in your chair doing the Gopher-Dance too, aren’t you? I thought so! Me too….
Thanksgiving is almost here and my favorite follows close after...CHRISTMAS! You guys, I have loved Christmas from my very first breath. There is something so magical, inspiring, and amazing about Christmas,our Savior's birth, the season and the feeling I get just thinking about it. I truly LOVE this time of year. With that being said, I've been so busy this past week. Saturday my sister got married and I was her matron of honor! Her wedding turned out beautiful and I think it was everything she could have ever dreamed of!
Publisher: Avon
Me thinks NO.
Jung So Min and Siwan continue to show their strong bond, having each other’s back when those naughty situations come up. Meanwhile, Ki Woo the human tree may have been cut down to a few sizes today, but justice (or good luck) is on his side this time, while it still eludes Suk Jin.
The sentiment (Thank You Block Stamp - also by Rubber Stamp Tapestry) was stamped with Chocolate Chip ink. I added some Champagne pearls to the Tiny Flower centers. The scalloped border was made with my Slit Punch and is from the Madeline Collection by Prima.
Bikini: Over the Rainbow Bikini – Orsini Kawaii Fair Free Gift
Utter filth!
What Nungesser fails to grasp is how a hurricane or tropical storm, coupled with tornadoes of spinning oil would be tailor made for an administration that cultivates and exploits any crisis that fortuitously comes along.
write. I’ll be writing in: Third Person, Subjective aka Limited,
...from blogging way to long. I miss it. I am going to try to be better at it but its just hard to find the time to squeeze it in. I work, come home, do dinner, homework, bath, work on orders from Polkadots & RainBows then by the time I am done, I'm beat. BUT I am working on it. So instead of going back and stressing about filling you in on everything, I am just going to start from now. So here is our Santa pictures from this weekend.
It would also allow it more easily to manufacture a nuclear warhead to mount on a long-range missile.
Woo GM. Daily demands during pregnancy, gestational age, and birthweight: reviewing physical and psychological demands in employment and non-employment contexts. Ann Behav Med 1997; 19: 385-398.
Finally, around 10 p.m. on the 7th I was a 4...and just in time. The contractions were completely intense....I was in pain....I was wearing out...after 18 hours of contractions I couldn't take it much longer....and I was only a 4?!?! I decided to with the epidural. We have video of me getting it. I keep chanting, "O-kay. O-kay" in the way that Finn said it at the time. I refused a catheter, so The Spouse walked to me to the bathroom since I had little feeling in my legs...he is the best birthing partner EVER.
geocaching
After a brave battle with the unknown illness, and after recovering from the two sedations necessary to explore all possible problems, Tanvir passed away quietly during the night.
furiously upon the futility
* Her facial features; made a wig; added ears.
new old news:
Tatman has requested a "Tat to the World Record". Here's the info:
HF – HFF, Inc.
Let me just start by saying that Key West, Florida is a big HELL different than our recent locale of Destin (which more than ever now holds a place of scorn in my heart). Had we only seen Destin and then left Florida, I don’t think either I or Handsome Husband would ever return. Howsomever, we trekked our way down here to Key West, and we’re thrilled with this place! We have happy smiles on our faces, well, all the time!
She then introduced each of the members of the adventure group to her son. They all greeted him politely. Bantum offered Praymar a chicken as a form of welcome, but Praymar put the chicken down with a “thank you” and it began clucking and pecking at the ground looking for seeds. Lanna served the lad a bowl of “wolf meat” soup which he devoured with loud sops, thinking that the wolf meat tasted remarkably like chicken, but didn’t mention it.
Tomorrow I want to try to mix in some math with something like "Compare 56 and 95." Should be interesting!
Not public ones, that is, for emergency use.
I didn't really talk to Dr. Barnette about letting her go to church, gymnastics, ect. He is usually pretty leniant if he thinks their counts are pretty good. Nursery has been a little bit scary but I usually go in and be the germ monitor. Luckily it is a sernior nursery. She is LOVING cheer, gymnastics and being social. I think it really makes all the difference. She is getting her muscle back and coordination. I think it is the best thing for her. Oh and that cute little bum.
Thanks to Penguin and Susane I have ONE SIGNED copy of Something Like Fate to giveaway to one of my US based readers ages 13 or older (As always if you international but have someone who can send it to you from the US, feel free to enter!). To enter please fill out the form. The winner will be chosen on May 7, 2010!
Even if we didn't have friends like this, we knew kids who knew kids who did this. And while that may not be the main plot of Super 8, the childhood behind that idea is a big part of it.
The fennec fox is a sandy nocturnal desert fox, immortalized in Antoine de Saint-Exupéry’s “The Little Prince” as the fox who wanted to be tamed.
“I took a quick look at the report,” Seth said. “There was no mention of cameras in the vehicle.”
Since coffee wasn’t working for me, I decided to take my RAK mission elsewhere. I thought about paying for someone’s grocery order in the speedy checkout, but this posed most of the same logistical problems.. not to mention that I’d probably have FOMO about whatever it was they were buying and have to go back and buy myself eggo waffles or whatever. I thought about leaving some kind of complimentary note on a bathroom mirror that said “you’re beautiful” or some shit like that, but then I realized that was just ridiculous and would make no one’s day but my friends who could use it to make fun of me.
“Possession,” quipped Olivia. “My boyfriend set me up.”
Croquets of Fowel with Piquant Sauce ~ made with cold chicken seasoned with white pepper and mustered and rolled in a pastry, deep fried in lard, served on napkins with fried parsley.
I own one top-quality shirt, a cotton button-down collar model made by Cego Custom Shirtmakers, located not far from where I live. It wasn't custom made for me, mind you, but it might as well have been. The fit is excellent.
I won’t go looking for series over stand-alone, but a series is obvs longer and so a good series trumps a good book. There’s more of it!
Cost will be dependent on how many children come (the more children, the cheaper it will be).
◦Cover baking sheet with foil, remove fish from marinade and place the fillets on the baking sheet.
...a big snuggle for saying "Sorry"
On Thursday, Wee Z went to his kids club whilst Husband and Miss C went swimming with Mummy N and Wee L and another mummy and her little boy. I was, sadly, working! I'm told Miss C had a great time and had Husband up and down the slide whilst Wee Z did some Easter crafts and went ice skating at his club with Miss E.
The chop salad had corn, tomato, avocado, green apple, red onion, and blue cheese on top of romaine. It was very flavorful and crisp, and it came in a huge portion. I couldn’t even finish it…which means that I can have the rest for lunch today.
one love.
I will be sharing some of my daily experiences with you on this blog and talking about life in a professional Test Kitchen.I`m excited for this new chapter - nothing makes me happier than spending my work hours creating recipes, writing about food and talking about today's relevant food-related issues. I hope you will be joining me on this culinary journey!
So that means with the right sketch, and the right hardware interface, and maybe a shield, you can do almost anything. Great!
Overall, a very simple image, and coloring was really quick (scanning and writing the tutorial took a lot longer than coloring the image!) I hope you have as fun and easy a time coloring it as I did.
Combine all ingredients and chill about 2 hours. Serve with bagel or pita chips. I also like serving with bagels cut into 1 inch pieces. This is the classic recipe from Knorr, but I lightened it a bit. The cayenne adds a little extra zip.
Can be found everywhere in the world. Range in height, weight, "smartness," and dependability. This variety tends to spend time reliving memories and drinking fermented drinks while watching other Homo sapiens tackle each other. Give them food and a nice Homo sapien var. Wife and they will thrive. They are a long-lived variety as long as they are healthy and don't upset their Wife.
We jumped.
Really? Not the UPS guy or waitress at TGIF’s? Not the soccer coach or piano teacher or kid selling Girl Scout Cookies? (Can’t be too careful!)
Yesterday was my last day at the firm. It was more bittersweet than I expected. Despite losing a lot of people in the last year, I still have some good friends that I will miss a lot. I worked hard to build a good reputation for myself (and to be the first to know all the good gossip) and I'll miss that. Friends/co-workers took me out to lunch where we started with a round of red wine (it was rainy and cold, it seemed fitting) and then I opened up a few bottles of champagne in my office at 4, so I ended up with a crowd as I frantically forwarded myself personal emails I needed to save and transferred a bunch of pictures to a thumb drive. We also laughed and reminisced and promised to keep in touch. I'll be missed and that makes me feel sad and warm and fuzzy at the same time. All in all, it was a good 3.5 year chapter of my career, even if I can't say I enjoyed every single minute.
Unsweetened cocoa powder 3/4 cup(75 grams)
6 The LORD works righteousness
For stuctured support with personal Buddies that will guide you into becoming the best you can be within your relationship with yourself and another sign for the Agreement Course
swing it into the earth
I have said before, and I now feel more confident in saying it again: electronic picture books prove just how high tech paper picture books actually are and the conversion from print to digital is way trickier for picture books than for just about any other form. I think Shatzkin’s excellent overview is just more evidence.
PS- this is one coat of pink base and THREE coats of Princesses Rock!
Baby A 6 lgs 14 oz
A. No advice politically.
-able to drive- pref own a car
2) You can borrow a colleague’s scissors, trim your nasal hair, then return them without her being any the wiser…
Above, a woman watched an impromptu speech. The demonstration took on the qualities of a street fair. People came to Bourguiba Avenue with their families, carrying toddlers on their shoulders.
(4) Peaking of global oil production (from land and sea, including solid forms and bitumen) at 95 million barrels per day. Peak coal production had happened five years earlier. Despite widespread warnings from experts (such as those of Robert Hirsh, for which he won the first of his two Nobel Prizes), it caught both leaders and the public surprised — and unprepared. Oil rose to $200/barrel before emergency rationing and price controls stabilized prices.
I was published in my first Gooseberry Patch Cookbook! How cool is that? I think it's great of them to send you a free book when they use one of your recipes. There are a few in this one that I plan to make.
I have been in contact with Barnardo's and also a genealogist in Ireland. I have been given the necessary contact name. I have written to the contact name, twice, and have been waiting for a reply... Oh this is so difficult. It seems that the people who have the information that I need are reluctant to give me the necessary.
Your entry must be Christmas or Festive related
Hi everybody. I made this very cool masculine golf card with great papers that was CAS with no white! Then I stamped my images and flipped. They were brand new and since January, I've been having a problem with my images picking up ink where it shouldn't be picking up so I have a manufacturer's defect on my hands. That is creative frustration! After I made this card, I didn't have time to start all over again but might add another card later this week to try to redeem myself for this one. Please overlook the blahs, which seem to be the entire card, down to fussy cutting out the golf bag. Let's look on the positive, there's great DP and I used Soft Stone for my neutral. If everything worked out the right way, this would have been a very cool masculine card :)
Rating : 4/5
Something has been tugging me at heart since long and I am trying to find solutions. Since yesterday morning I had a vague feeling, a mixed emotion of fear and longing but I kept it to myself wondering if it was just another play of the devious mind or something deeper than that, a heartache.
Now, the council is of course correct that if someone fell over on Mr Farnham's repairs (given how we are so happy to sue each other these days) he does indeed face the risk of being sued. However, if they won't repair it and they won't let Mr Farnham repair it or give him the correct filing to make the repairs, what happens next?
Right now I'm leaning towards the following.
5. Tag 12 people and let them know by visiting their blogs and leaving a comment for them.
Today, I will bear witness to this special miracle of the life of Howard Patrick. Through the faith, the courage, and the strength of his new family, I was humbled, awed and filled with hope.
As we see, the devil and his angels have been made men incarnate who are cast into the lake of fire that has been prepared for them. (Those who are new to my ministry, I wold advise you to read my articles reference the devil and his angels being made men incarnate. All those who are on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day are the devil and his angels made men. There is not one man on the number who are on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day who were “mere mortal men” who were made men and haplessly ended up on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day as men who go to hell. Rather, all those on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day are in fact the devil and his angels who in the course of human history have been conceived and have died as men as incarnate devils. These incarnate devils comprise the whole of the reprobate throughout all human history. Only the devil and his angels are on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day in human flesh appearing. There is no “human population” who are NOT the devil and his angels incarnate on the left of Jesus on Judgment Day.)
Draupadi had to share her life with five men, meaning polyandry. Although not approved of then, men could have many wives! So, Draupadi’s case was rather controversial at that time. Many detested her, calling her a whore while there were many who even envied her! Today, the situation is no different. If a woman is successful both, personally and professionally she is accused of having slept her way up.
In view of that, he welcomed ideas from the Orang Ulu community on how to address the dam related community issues comprehensively.
Road Trippin’
A Borderline suffers a kind of emotional hemophilia; she lacks the clotting mechanism needed to moderate her spurts of feeling. Stimulate a passion, and the borderline emotionally bleeds to death ~ source: Jerold Kreisman and Hal Straus, I hate You, Don’t Leave Me: Understanding Borderline Personality Disorder.
The two key points: Overload. If you do not stress the muscle beyond its usual capabilities, then you get no damage. Second point: Rest. Muscle does not get bigger or stronger during exercise, this is the damaging stage. Hence if you don’t rest, your muscles won’t grow.
CRUSH THEIR BUTTS
Guinsoo: Something about hallucinations and confronting evil.
But, my goodness, where was Michiel de Ruyter, the seventeenth century Dutch admiral who lead the Raid on the Medway, an event I’ve described as a kind of English Pearl Harbor. I would even put Bonnie Prince Charlie or, to be more exact, Lord George Murray, above Ntshingwayo kaMahole…or even Michael Collins! Still, I’m sure an entertaining day was had by all, even by those with a less than perfect grasp of history, which would seem to include the Museum’s landlubber curators.
In sum, do not trust NOAA and most definitely, do not trust the Environmental Protection Agency that is desperately trying to get authorization to regulate carbon dioxide on the grounds that it is causing global warming. This isn’t just a rogue agency. The EPA has the look of a criminal enterprise bent on destroying the U.S. economy.
When your heart is more open you will be more aware of what is really going on around you and so be able to make wiser decisions about how best to react in any situation that you find yourself in.
From the entire fabric of Paul’s Christology, it is apparent that Paul saw Jesus as participating in God’s attributes and roles, as sharing in the divine glory…But neither in the Jewish background of Paul nor in his own usage (unlike John’s) did the language of divine sonship in itself attribute divinity. In Paul’s Jewish tradition to call a human figure God’s ‘Son’ meant primarily to attribute to him a special standing, status and favor with God. Paul’s references to Jesus as the ‘Son’ of God meant that Jesus possessed a unique standing, status and favor with God.[23]
Christofle’s new line of Haute Orfèvrerie designed by Canadian designer Karim Rashid is a collection that proves that forward thinking and respect for the use of old materials combined with cutting-edge techniques like Clivetage (engraved metal), and Dorure Partielle (gold-plating).
The one thing I did NOT see in response was a follow up challenge from JD!
Hawaii. Then England. Then Disneyworld!!! Can I quit school? Can I have a new Mustang? And a puppy?! Wecanhaveourownplane…OHMEEEGAAWWWD! AND WE CAN FLY EVERYONE TO MEXICO FOR THE WEDDING, INCLUDING DAD!
Who will decide who will be sitting on the appeal panel?
Me: The blanket talk?
As long, of course, as we get paid ...
100 days of being thousands of miles apart, while organising a house-move, finding tenants/cat-sitters, applying for a visa, renegotiating a job and planning an engagement party, not to mention a wedding. More than enough days for cracks to appear…
The actual stories in the collection are interesting and well worth reading, and a few of them are truly excellent. Still, I want more work that doesn’t belong to a set clique of authors, more contemporary work, and more work by women. To be honest, I found Speculative Japan somewhat disappointing as a compilation. That being said, I am intrigued enough by the stories themselves to consider giving Speculative Japan 2 a shot in the near future.
Still, there’s more going on here than simple manipulation from the top down. Within an imperial system, different nations and population groups are always competing against one another for a larger share of the wealth and privilege that empires make available. That happens on the scale of nations, for example, when a subject nation in a strategic location becomes an ally, or when an ally—as America did in 1945—supplants the former imperial center and takes the empire for its own. That also happens on the scale of populations, and on smaller scales still.
But it rarely does.
The wife even got her first french manicure for the occasion, from their local Walmart.
i spent the entire saturday reading at stadtpark (vienna’s “central park”), enjoying the sun, the grass, the birds chirping- it was divine! i started and finished the first book of the hunger games trilogy that day, and i’m hooked! i even brought the second one with me to work, so that i can read during breaks.
In my mind, that is a leadership issue. The notion of acceptance starts at the top. The final frontier is unconditional love- like Jesus or the Buddha preached. While we may never get there, we are encouraged to try. An important distinction: We don’t have to have unconditional relationships. Within this framework what can we do at our agencies to bridge these gaps in a way that generates work satisfaction and productivity? Here are some ideas to play with:
It's so much fun to be able to look towards the birth. Now is about the time I start watching an onslaught of baby story and maternity ward shows on TLC. I love to relive the memory of my two previous delivery's and it really helps me to visualize what I am going to do during the pain. I know every delivery is different, but this is birth #3 for my body so the chances of things going well are pretty good. If it doesn't I'm okay with that b/c the goal always is a healthy baby. The birth being wonderful and enjoyable is all in what you make of the circumstances that present themselves. I will avoid intervention as much as possible, but if it comes to baby being safe and me having to have a c-section or even induction (please no) than that's what we will do.
You will be misting, painting, spritzing, sewing on this multi media album
All the big four UK ISPs, BT, Sky, TalkTalk and Virgin, have agreed to offer all new subscribers the option to install parental controls.
Guest post by Jacob Gutnicki
Another must-stop in Madison is the Willy Street Co-op. The entire place is wonderful, but my favorite department was the juice, smoothie, coffee bar and bakery. We had Green Zinger: wheatgrass, apple, lemon, and ginger. YUM.
So, it is a running joke in my family that I got the ghetto booty. I don’t have the boobs, I have the booty and everytime I see the whole family they don’t let me forget it, especially the sisters (I think they are just jealous).
I put on my Conference outfit and get ready to go out.
Mercury is dark green
So to my parents, my grandparents, my auntie Elaine, Melissa, Leah, Cindi, Wendy, Eli, Stefie, and many many more THANK YOU for standing!! I've been watching you! You've been an incredible example to me.
4) The tiller. I really, really love the fact that when I'm planning on planting anything in the garden, my plans no longer include several hours with a shovel. Instead I just call in A.and his tiller and sit back while he prepares my planting beds.
I’m rolling out the Friday Five, which is a mishmash of my ideas, thoughts, loves, hates, etc., that I’ll discuss on Fridays. It will be 5 things that most likely have no rhyme or reason, so bear with me. It may have to do with Hoboken; it may not…some weeks I might even have 6 things. Deal with it.
The longest and most unabashedly self-indulgent piece in the set, Weerasethakul’s ode to the jungle is a boring slog. A young couple runs off to the jungle to find a magical tree; a camera crew trades jokes about Brad Pitt and beer ads; five women do a song and dance routine about finding love; a frisbee-like toy flies through the air; moths flutter around a flourescent lightbulb. Nighttime images are soft and lacking in shadow detail; highlights are burned out in the daytime shots. (0/10)
That’s what I’ve been sitting here contemplating. First, I’m gonna deliver this case to Marsellus. Then, basically, I’m gonna walk the earth.
Gregory: Perry forgot the three agencies
I hope I continue to be a guest at SDCC from time to time. I feel like there is a family there, the Society of Grave Robbers, that will always welcome me no matter where my life takes me. I look forward to the day I am on a panel joined by Guillermo Del Toro, co-director Mark Gustafson, Producer Allison Abatte and musicians Nick Cave and Warren Ellis talking about Pinocchio.
Maybe a joke
Today, he had to have 3 xrays and was a champ. Proudly showed off his stickers to me afterward.
This month we are welcoming the lovely and super talented Dora into the Designer Spotlight :-) If you haven't visited her blog before then you are in for a treat. Please give her a nice warm welcome and pop by her blog to leave her a comment xx :-)
“It is difficult to stop him. It is better to try and get him out. If we can get his wicket, we can put pressure on the Sri Lankan middle order,” he said.
Yeah, I think so too.
TOTAL 3,540
3 large eggs
Anyway, first I had History, which was good. We got an essay back that we did AGES ago, but Nick had never got round to marking until Easter. We spent the whole lesson going over what you needed to do for a Part B 40 mark question, which was very useful :) After that I went and joined Catherine, Cadie, Jenny R and Charlotte in the Undercroft. Catherine sat with the other usual people, as us 4 were all revising Geology together. I think today was the most I have ever spoken to Cadie :) I don’t think she dislikes me any more :) (That’s not she no longer dislikes me, it’s I don’t think that she dislikes me now, if you get what I mean ;D) I had Charlie’s laptop with me (I didn’t want to use mine after it overheated yesterday), which I intended to use to look at pictures of folds and faults to help us revise, but the internet signal was rubbish in the Undercroft, so I couldn’t get it to work :/ I did right at the end, but only for short bursts of time :/ What with the on and off rain, it made looking after it very difficult :/
and the Dome of the Rock is on the other,
* When Joan was consoling Lane in his office, I shouted at the screen "Oh my God marry Joan your marriage is terrible anyway and she's single!" Immediately afterwards he kissed Joan, and I yelled "What are you doing, don't listen to me my advice sucks!"
7. The airbag system would ask "Are you sure?" before deploying.
The opening presentation by Dede Rohadi of FORDA, who is also a consultant to CIFOR, explained that although agroforestry was a legal practice and widely practised it had not yet been formally acknowledged in Government planning and policy.
2/1/2011 – 8/31/2011: +29.80%
Rick Dacri of human resources consulting firm Dacri & Associates in Kennebunkport says many organizations are looking more at a freelance-style work force. Rather than hire employees full time and incur the cost of benefits, office space and other things, they are looking to hire people on a project-by-project basis.
S.E. 23.9.11
Before I moved to Cleveland, anyone that I spoke to in Columbus had nothing but bad things to say about Cleveland. I had heard the horror stories about how slummy everything looked. I had heard friends who had grown up in Cleveland tell me that the crime was so bad you didn’t dare stop at a red light for fear of being car jacked.
So it didn't have the layers that it has now--those all came up much later. The old picture book manuscript is kind of like a zip drive for the plot thread about the elephant's life, and then her keeper Hastin, when I added him, since they have kind of parallel lives. And it didn't occur to me that it was a novel in disguise. Some people at critique group meetings mentioned, "I don't think this is a picture book. It seems like it needs to be a novel."
In this first post I will discuss how to break a workflow in steps. One of the most annoying things in any application is data entry. No one likes filling forms especially long ones. I will discuss in another post how to make effective and user friendly forms.
- I always use fresh local apples, even in winter I buy apples that were grown in the next state or closer.
They walk around with their "protection" strapped to their hips when they aware, or under their pillow at night. And shoot each other in weird locations - whilst the other is sleeping, on the toilet, in the lift...
He hesitated a moment. “What sort of important thing?”
of glooms splashed with lines of white and blurs of
This is the time of year where I question my obsession. I don’t question it mid-season because why would you? It’s mid-season. That’s a given. Better off questioning the color of the sky or why velociraptors had to die off. One positive thing about my particular obsession is that the related joy or despair are good enough in of themselves: they need no introduction, require nothing in the way of justification and are entirely whole without any need for psychoanalysis, parental approval or any of the sloppy solipsistic reasoning that shoot wholly unmemorable articles to the top of time.com or newsweek.com’s most popular articles. I don’t need a news magazine to tell me my particular obsession is healthy or unhealthy or simply unavoidable. In this the season is pure: it just is. A 2-1 start can become a 12-1 season (see: last year) and any deeper emotional analysis between games one and thirteen are the equivalent of mental masturbation, i.e. entertaining and good enough for a couple of hours whiled away, but nothing of import has been accomplished.
Machine-stitch the double ruffle in the center of one square.
I don’t want to fail and start harming myself again.
Well, I’m off. Gotta do my Saturday stuff and I want to get back before the heat really cranks up. Lots of terrible stuff happening around the world this week. Lots of people in my thoughts and prayers.
The actor apparently called in to the protest to say he couldn’t make it, but some demonstrators didn’t believe it was really Danny Glover on the call.
08 - You Forsake Me.
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
More details to be coming soon!
He's the type of person who knows his short comings, and he never lets them stop him. He is there every Tuesday before school for the chorus club, teaches chorus and the recorder to the third through fifth grades. What I loved most is I got to hear him play the piano for the kids during the concert. (Their last teacher just played a CD it's music class for crying out loud. I want to hear a live instrument!)
In Google Chrome it is found by clicking on the little wrench on the top right corner of your browser, then clicking on "History" then clicking on "Edit". This will remove all browser history and cookies contained in the Cache.
Working with the cast and crew was AMAZING!! My first day there I wasn’t shooting and they were nice enough to invite me to lunch which was cool because they had a live New Orleans Jazz band. After stuffing my face, I got to hang out on set and watch Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum shoot the limo scene. It was exciting to see how a movie is made and how much work and effort is put into every scene, big or small. When it was my turn to shoot, I got to set early morning to get ready. Even though we didn’t start my scene until later that evening it was nice to hang out and get to know the cast and crew a little better. Everyone on set made me feel welcome, especially Jonah and Channing. They made an effort to get to know me and include me in conversation. On the way back to the hotel after the long day, I mentioned to one of the drivers who is from New Orleans that he could finally go home and relax with a nice glass of wine, he simply replied with his southern drawl: “Baby here in N’Orleans we don’t drink wine, we drink moonshine”.
But Ya Gotta. Every day. That’s who you are, that’s what you like, that’s how you are going to get finished.
5) Back to the Yaston bard! Give him the sheet of music and he'll give you the compass back! He said it's no longer rusty because he shined it for you. Ain't that swell. You now got another item for your boat!
She considered doing stomach crunches, but decided she ate light enough at dinner. That made up for the extra French Toast.
We left Lethbridge, Alberta after shopping at Wal-Mart to restock groceries and other supplies.
I am really not even sure where to start. And I hate resolutions, because I have made so many in the past that only end up in failure and shame. So....here goes a try. I'm going to go back to the old stand-by of setting SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, Timely) goals. And I think I am going to set Likely, Hopeful, and Crazy.
“Everything is right with this” MOJO
Iggulden talking about what’s next for the Khan Dynasty in his best-selling Conquerer series and recipes from Jamie Oliver, Rachel Allen, Gordon Ramsay and The Hairy Bikers.
What Miegakure is adding to the genre isn’t a new way to play with physics, it doesn’t just expand level segments or give your character a new mix of established abilities. In a somewhat similar manner to Portal it’s meant to encourage you to think in a different manner but unlike Portal’s unique brand of problem solving, Miegakure instead focuses on your perceptions. This is a platformer that takes place in four dimensions. It’s based on a manner of viewing and interacting with the world that, as 3 dimensional beings, is completely foreign to those of us who don’t dabble in theoretical math.
Never looks back,
BIOS : 5.2-0 (15825)
Mike and Cathy Jung own Hastings Prime Meats. It is located on 537 Warburton Avenue in Hastings on Hudson, New York. If you're lucky, they're will be some kimchi in the refrigerated food case when you are in the neighborhood.
Lastly, I want to thank all of my readers so much for your support and sweet comments. I hit 300 followers today and feel so lucky to have this outlet and creative talent to share with others. I really appreciate each of you more than you may know, so thank you.
1. Five Year Look-Back
Gardening, nature rambles, farming and stuff feel good because of cow poo.
Six letters to six people in six weeks.
SD: My husband and I are currently getting ready for a big move to Europe in July! We'll be moving to a small town outside of Trier, Germany, for several years, and I'm looking forward to how the move will impact Classic Bride. I can't wait to team up with some European wedding vendors and I'm hoping to collaborate with a few photographers and style some inspiring photoshoots in some of my favorite European locations...so stay tuned!
We would sit in the sweet meadow grass, our ears buzzing from the symphony of busy bees visiting every flower. They serenaded us as we plucked the white and yellow blossoms and inhaled their heady fragrance. Then, we would pinch the stems and draw out the stamens. Our reward for the delicate technique? An intoxicating bead of nectar we let drip on our tongues.
I wanted to take a moment to share a praise with you. Not only have I been so blessed by many of you who have greeted me and welcomed me back to work after my surgery, but I have had the opportunity to share more of God's story with you.
Chiquitita
Shaz xxx
follows the very public and passionate fight waged by residents and business owners of Brooklyn’s historic Prospect Heights neighborhood facing condemnation of their property to make way for the polarizing Atlantic Yards project (the densest real estate development in U.S. history).
But memories are funny things. As in, I always forget them when they matter. The ladies and I started our Friday evening with a few shots at a local craft distillery's tasting room. Then we walked up to Poquitos on Capitol Hill and had a couple margaritas. Then we went across the street to Moe Bar where there was dancing paired with several vodka cranberries.
What do you think? Would your daughter love to get something like this?
Am I too soft??
Stampin Up Cardstock Perfect Plum, Pretty in Pink and White
Game notes: This was the culumination of two sessions actually. One day between battles we were short a player so I had the guys play an out of chronological order scene as members of Osprem's Kiss on the island. For me, the way the various ships and crews' paths have intertwined has been the best part of this campaign so far. Who says splitting the party is bad?
I: Right.
All weekend we were crazy busy with activities surrounding her birthday including Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby and B's swim banquet..... On the girl's birthdays I usually write a post about them. Last night at 9:30 having just gotten home from the swim banquet, K says, "Hey, you didn't write my birthday post". It's funny when something is important to them and you truly have no idea.
Inks: CTMH Chocolate
We believe whatever the Holy Bible says (all 66 books, Genesis to Revelation). For how we do this, please see Our Hermeneutics and Judging. Scripture is our first and last and everything in between authority. The Word of God is our life and our salvation (Matthew 4:4; John 1:1; 14:6; James 1:21). By it He has given us eternal life, and our hope is in His Word (Psalm 119:49-50). Okay, so you say – Matt what’s the problem – unfortunately, here is what is in their doctrine:
More shopping was done today although very little was bought.
Lollipop Sticks
not too difficult to throw, not terribly expensive.
In contrast, the leading cause of injury/illness in foreign travel is infectious disease. Up to 75% of travelers become ill from infectious disease, however only 1% of the deaths of international travelers are from infectious disease.
The old house stood empty for a long while. We didn’t have the time or energy to deal with it as we worked on creating new lives for ourselves in our new town. Then, in the spring of 2011 a devastating storm caused a heavy tree limb to fall on the back of the house, crushing the roof. The insurance settlement went a long way towards some of the improvements we wanted to make. We had some work done and put the house up for sale. The light was even brighter coming through the new windows.
Some of the important treks are:
It has been a while since I've been thinking about this : a litchi mousse.
Sometimes one has to let go even after knowing that the person means well. Relationships blossom only when there is a flow in them, like a river. When you try to lead someone’s life for him/her then it begins to wither. We all try to control the other person all the time but the moment someone does it to us we rebel.
Now most of us were anywhere from fifteen to twenty at the time, and Freddie was much older. Freddie could have easily passed for Jesus or Tommy Chong from “Cheech and Chong”. With long wavey black hair, a beard and little round glasses. It was hard to imagine what Freddie really looked like too.
And I told husband "I can't handle another serving" so we will be having roasted flesh on the grill for Christmas after all.
Unraveling the CSA Number Conundrum
Then you can begin to repair the pipes…1 hour after you started ripping out what you thought was an easy fix. God bless your ignorance .. without homeowner ignorance half of these jobs would never be tackled… if we really knew what the house had in store for us we might run away screaming.
Nicely pitched towards the crisp, dry side - but without completely abandoning sweetness - the idea of cracking one of these open on a warm, sunny afternoon is enough to make me leap on the next plane heading south.
Probably three quarters of my patterns are for dresses. While I do wear dresses almost every day I'm not sure I need another thirty-something dresses in my wardrobe to add to the ones I already have. So, I'm going to make a rule. For every vintage pattern I want to buy I have to get rid of one from my collection. Hopefully, this will mean I can keep it to a manageable size.
I am so glad that HBO introduced me to this series of books. Martin has created a world that I love spending time in and characters that are able to pull me into it. A Clash of Kings gave me a much different reading experience since I did not know what was going to happen like I did with A Game of Thrones and as a result I was able to become more involved with the story. I am now fully committed to this series and can’t wait to start A Storm of Swords. The only thing I am not looking forward to is the insanely long wait between books as I am positive I will finish the five that are currently out long before the sixth and seventh are released!
Leave one comment for each entry. Giveaway ends February 6, 2011 at 11:59PM EST. There will be one winner chosen for each prize. The winners will be selected by random.org and notified by email to the email address provided in the winning comments. The winners must respond within 48 hours of the notification email, or another winner will be chosen. See my Giveaway Rules page for further information. Disclosure: All prizes were provided by the sponsors, I received no compensation.
The Best Things About Kindle
My eye is kinda small and have no double eyelid.
A percentage of the profits from the sale of this book will be donated to UNICEF.
Rub chops with cut clove of garlic then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chops and cook 4 minutes each side for medium rare doneness.
Radial Arm Saw Basics
Met Commander Shaun Sawyer signalled the complicity of the security services with Muslim extremists when he told the Muslim Safety Forum at the beginning of July this year that security services would focus on “whites.” He knew that in January 2009, the head of domestic security service MI-5 had revealed that 2,000 people in Britain were involved with to Islamist terrorist plots and many more support terrorism through fundraising and propaganda. From September 11, 2001 to the end of March 2008, British authorities arrested 1,471 Muslims for terrorism-related offences.
Last month, Stein was put on notice of a possible violation of the Uniform Code of Justice after he said on Facebook that he would not follow certain orders from the president.Stein’s federal court complaint named his commanding officer, the Secretary of the Navy and the commanding general of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot, where Stein worked as a weather forecaster.
Locations to host Event Horizon sculptures at elevated heights include: 1 Madison Avenue, 11 Madison Avenue, 41 Madison Avenue, 51 Madison Avenue, 60 Madison Avenue, 15 Madison Square, 1133 Broadway, 225 Fifth Avenue, 204 Fifth Avenue, the Flatiron Building, 304 Park Avenue, 230 Fifth Avenue, 162 Fifth Avenue, 184 Fifth Avenue, 220 East 23rd Street, 928 Broadway, 921 Broadway, 853 Broadway (Union Sq), 245 Fifth Avenue, 11 East 29th Street and the Empire State Building.
“That is not the way to stop political terrorism,” the statement said. “Instead you are giving law enforcement authorities a pretext for new repressions against underground groups.”
A former CNN Iraq correspondent suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder says his employers wouldn’t run footage he filmed of what he describes as a war crime by US troops, an Australian news source reports.
I commit myself to prove to myself and others that human nature can be changed by changing myself into a being that is standing stable in every moment of breath and in all ways considers only what’s best for all life
Place the dates, water and baking soda in a bowl, mix and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Transfer to a food processor, add the butter and sugar and process until well combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, and process well. Pour over the flour mixture and mix well with a wooden spoon. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 30-35 minutes or until risen and cooked when tested with a toothpick. Allow to cool in the pan, then carefully unmold. Cut into squares or diamond shapes and dust with icing sugar to serve.
Chapter 5 deals with discussion on domestic security. In this day and age, freedom from fear and threat has become the new focus of domestic security policy. Statistics show that in most Western nations, domestic crime such as violence and property crime has declined. However, the fear and threat of perceived crime has risen to new heights. The state uses counter law 1 and 2 in order to decrease the threat of crime. Specifically, there are four types of laws against laws that are used to tackle uncertainty and threats in the domestic sphere:
Im feeling great. And I know I can do it.
I was inspired by a few people on wordpress who are like libraries, each in their own way:
that there is a pile of cat vomit laying there.
“On a final note,” continues Lane, “it’s going to be the best Summer album released in Winter.”
As I am driving to my husbands job yesterday I pass airmen running, soldiers PT'ing in the middle of the road.
We decided to put a wall of bookshelves in my office, so it would sort of feel like a library. We already had two white Billy bookshelves from IKEA, so we bought two more for $50 each, and then eight $10 extender shelves, so that the shelves would go up really high. I wish we could have gone all the way up to the ceiling for the true 'built-in' look, but the rafters in our loft made it tricky.
Del Rey, Lester. Illustrated by Heugh, James. Rockets Through Space: The Story of Man's Preparations to Explore the Universe. New York: John C. Winston Co. (118 p.) 26 cm. (1957)
I know what i want. I know what i’m fighting for, everyday.
More than 2,000 people were sacked from their jobs in connection with the protests.
I don’t think the bus driver stopped as my attacker repeatedly unfurled punches into my stomach. He came back for another round in the playground the next day as I played jump rope with some friends in the playground. This time I was ready and delivered him a very satisfying punch in the eye. I made him cry and it felt good. I wised up and took the early shift bus home that afternoon. He never bothered me again.
2. Wainscot paint: Acadia White (AC-41); Benjamin Moore.
City Council Member David Yassky reminded Taylor of concerns that streets might have to close, as in Newark, given that the glass-walled Atlantic Yards arena would be set back the same distance from the street. Taylor said the ESDC had been briefed by the New York Police Department, which is “100 percent comfortable with security measures.”
We have reached Denali before 5PM, right on time before all the administrative offices close. Getting the campground was easy – we got Riley Creek Campground tent only walk-in – basically we could camp, but couldn’t park the car there, not a big deal. However, figuring out what to do was a challenge. The main limiting factor was Igor’s flight on Saturday evening. Since there was no driving in the Denali proper we had to adjust to the schedule of the backpacker bus. The only bus that could fit was the first one leaving the end – Wonder Lake Campground – at around 5AM. We could just flag it on the road, but there is no guarantee that there would be space in it. So, the only option left was to camp one night at the furthest developed point in the park - Wonder Lake Campground.
All of these people are preying on one bias all humans have, our tendency to overreact to the latest news. Recent news is more valued than news of the past. In this post I explain.
Unfortunately, we found the program to be a bit on the clunky side. If you tap the sidebar, you’re given the option to view your media in a timeline, or search through your catalogue, but the experience is slow.
We reported on July 19 that the NHS paid £32.27 per loaf of non-gluten bread, given on prescription to sufferers of coeliac disease. In fact, the cost per loaf is around £2.82, £32 being for an average prescription of several loaves. We are happy to make this clear.
mortal
“Four pianos”
Cheer for your favorite Peep. Or cheer for the one that gets the fattest first. Though be warned, the victor is not always the Peep who impales the other first. Often one Peep swells up so big it impales itself on its opponent's lance.
Eventually Paula sold her house in Naples and moved into one a bit further north in Long Beach.
We knew that.
He said they were looking at reopening the process of lodging land claims because the process had been short. The cutoff date for lodging claims was December 1998.
But it was surprising wasn’t it… Yoochun’s “I love you”…
Fate would smile; God would grant, that I see you again.
This week i actually made it out to Hot Yoga - after what seemed like ages... it was awesome. My wonderful hubby B-rad practically pushed me out the door Tuesday Night... my mom came over that night to help out with Bedtime so i didn't feel so guilty about leaving. Also, more grandma preparation for our trip to see The Wall this month in Edmonton (about 5 hours away) - and also prep for B-rad and i to have a much needed official date night...
2. The first two sentences are a summary of the setting with some fun elements to set the tone. We have to know that the Academy is a school for spies or the rest of the cover copy won’t make sense.
I still have vivid memories of all the school cafeterias I ever ate in as a child, particularly middle and high school. It was kind of like the stock exchange of the self-worth economy. Social orders and classes being laid out along such clear and distinct lines. It always made the first day of school so stressful. Filled with questions like, “Do any of my cool friends have this lunch period or am I gonna have to sit with my awkward friends from band?” I can still remember where my group sat and where certain other groups sat. I remember times when I left one group to join another that was “higher” on the social ladder, even though I enjoyed the company of my other friends better. I remember doing and saying things that I knew were cruel or petty in order to maintain or advance my standing in the social stratosphere. I remember hurting others. I remember being hurt.
5 author copies
“Pass the cranberry sauce.” Kates brother.
This morning, my dad was taking Dylan to school so Jim and I could tour a school. I made sure he took the cookie cake, and told Dylan that Jim and I would pick him up later. While we were out, I got a call on my cell, but I didn't recognize the number, so I didn't answer. Now, here's the crazy part...
Those 545 people, and they alone, are responsible.
The Eagle quotes famous bed bug entomologist Louis N. Sorkin for advice about what to do if you have them. He talks about where bed bugs might be hiding: "inside electric outlets, behind molding, under pictures, inside furniture, in recessed screw holes, on molded plastic chairs, and inside TVs, clock radios, remote controls, desktop computers and laptops."
When this is put alongside the fact that there is a raft of current, legal, policies against this type of development in the strategic gap and on public open space, it is clear that the majority of people DO NOT WANT this development in it’s current form.
6.) An established tradition has a body of clergy, so if you don’t like one priest or priestess, but like the tradition, there are others out there. There are several priestess in Blue Star that I don’t want to work with for personal reasons, but that’s OK, I’m not stuck with them because there are many more out there.
*Flower Beauty Bloom- original die- 10.00
Mitt Romney once said that people should be allowed to lose their houses so that deep pocket investors could buy them and make even more huge profits. He says that if high school graduates want to go to college or start a business in these tough times they should borrow the money from their parents, the same parents that he says should lose their jobs and lose their houses. Even though he was responsible for putting together a semi universal healthcare package for Massachusetts, he would prefer to deny the same package for the nation and wants to leave the insurance market alone so corporations can continue to make profits and deny people coverage in their time of need. This is the man who said corporations are people too.
Hopeful that we'll drop a crumb. Hopeful that he can trick three people into feeding him dinner, one after the other. Hopeful that some kid will leave the bread on the counter, so he can sneak it out the dog door, eat up every morsel, and leave the plastic bag to crop up in a photograph.
I read the excerpt of the book and was immediately sold when I saw Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese Omelet....Mmmm! Sounds good, right? Yea, you know it does!
Anissa Helou, a food writer I was first introduced to via her beautiful Mediterranean Street Food cookbook years ago, has a great blog that exposes little bits of the world of Middle Eastern food that we'd probably never be privy to without her. (She also features a Belly Dancer of the Month, so obviously, she has my heart.) Today's post tells us about a story she's written for the March issue of Saveur on Iranian food (you can bet I'll be picking this up), and she included a couple videos of Iranian bakers in action. It's worth checking out: I love how fluidly and rhythmically the three men in the top clip move through each other's space, just like interconnected cogs in a machine.
He will be remembered for many reasons, but also has one distinction among the men who have been president (besides the matter of quitting the job): He is the only person in U.S. history to have been elected both vice president and president twice: 1952, 1956, 1968 and 1972.
paying off your credit cards is the best investment one can make. do you really want to pay $300 for the $100 printer you bought so long ago? or still be paying months down the line for the shoes you long ago banished to the back of your closet because not only can you not afford a nice night out but they also hurt your feet?
I am conscious that in all this, I am responding to Slocum as a character in a way I don’t often do. The immersive quality of his voice – monotonous, hypnotic – encourages this. And it may be too that this is a book which requires some degree of identification with the narrator (I said some) for the best effect to be achieved. Slocum, warrior misanthrope, may be the perfect travelling companion for the reader who in one sense views life as something to get to the end of before anything bad happens. (He observes, not with regret but with relief, that “soon after my children die, no one will ever think of me”.) So, enough of Slocum as a person; what of him as a creation, and of his creator? Spending eleven years on a fat, pessimistic epic of domestic blitz surely makes Heller just as nuts as his character. (That’s a joke. Slocum looks stark staring sane, despite a few homeopathic hints late in the narrative that he may be losing his mind.) Mostly, when a novelist takes a decade or more between books, it’s time spent away from writing; but here, it’s easy to believe that Heller really did toil on this book throughout the 1960s and early 1970s. And we are the richer for him never having thought – or never having succumbed to the thought – “What I’m doing is mad!”
Stop back tomorrow for your chance to win a copy of Marie's book here on my blog. I'll let you know if I liked it. You may have already figured out the answer. ;-)
6) Pour the mixture into the rice. Stir well.
The exciting/unbelievable part of this past raid week was more Laz’s luck in gear than anything – taking him from the iLevel 383 equipped he was at pre-UR raiding to iLevel 393 equipped for the start of this coming raid week.
This morning, on the steps of Los Angeles’ City Hall, Mayor Villaraigosa, in partnership with LACBC, Midnight Ridazz, LADOT, and LAPD, announced the winner of the Bike Awareness and Safety slogan contest by unveiling the “Give Me 3″ bus shelter posters, designed by graphic artist and LA cyclist Geoff McFetridge. The winning slogan was submitted by Danny Gamboa from Long Beach and will be visible in 150-200 bus shelters and Public Amenity Kiosks (PAKs) throughout the City. The remaining 800-850 ads will be installed between now and December on PAKs and bus shelters as space becomes available.
Consummates desire into emotional equilibrium
~ 4 pieces of 8 1/2"x11" card stock
Master Gardener (3 veg & flowers) – not entered
The santon display was enchanting - it's a big Provençal Christmas tradition to create a little crèche/nativity scene in your home with these guys. They sell the individual mangers, figures and every kind of animal you can think of. Not to mention bridges, water wheels, little ladies selling calissons, even rows of lavender with harvesting workers (not sure how many of those were around when Jesus was born).
Taxi sign in Dublin...He works everywhere !
The Better Book Company do not advertise costs for an author on their website, simply because they deal with each author’s book as an individual project, and will only quote a cost when they have fully appraised all the details. While I agreed to a certain extent with this general philosophy—I do think that the Better Book Company would serve them better if they at least provided some example quotes on their website.
“I haven’t been hiding. I just needed to be here in town for a while,” Tess said, digging in her purse for some imaginary item she couldn’t find.
the best of them,
We are super excited for the new team of Girl Fridays to officially make their inspiration parade debut, and we have all sorts of fun and surprises in store for you this week!
At the end of the meal Jesus took a cup of wine, blessed it or gave thanks over it (or both) and transformed the staple beverage of the day into a means of grace and union. In many parts of the Middle East in 1st century, water was not always clean enough or safe enough to drink. Milk didn’t keep. Juices had to be fresh-squeezed or fermented or distilled. Much of what we call “wine” in the Bible is much more accurately “brandy.” Distilling killed bacteria and made spirits of the non-spiritual kind hugely popular. For fishermen, tradesmen and tax collectors wine drinking was likely as much sport as thirst-quenching. Wine was consumed morning, noon, afternoon, suppertime, evening and in between where appropriate. For Jesus to say “as often as you drink it, remember me” is incredible. For anyone who ate and drank (i.e., everyone!) they would have their memories jogged a dozen times a day — I remember Jesus.
I can't believe it's hard
el-Rufai also advised the government to tackle corruption, unemployment as well as allow true federalism which will allow states to have more powers than the federal and ultimately allow states to live within their means.
These courtyards are specifically protected under old Brooklyn Law from having any structures built upon them.
Now this is the point of my post. People seem to freak out when they have to give away their email. You can tell them that they can unsubscribe. You can have the best anti-spam record. They FREAK OUT.
The pleasant light of day;
Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve with pita wedges. (I brushed the pita wedges with olive oil and toasted thems).
I received lots of Easter goodies from Lisa V in Australia including the sweet pinkeep. The kids of course were quick to claim the stickers and bunny pen!
February 24th
Bio and Picture on our design team and staff page
Proper Hydration
6. I can't decide whether or not I like wearing pyjamas.
2. reveal your top 5 picks and let them know by leaving a comment on their blog or sending them a tweet.
Like a great symphony, these channels and features work best when everyone is playing on the same page. So that’s why we’re encouraging you to update your channel to the new look, and by March 7 we’ll be updating everyone. If you have a YouTube channel and 15 minutes today, select the “Try the new design” button on the top of your channel page that will give you step-by-step instructions for updating.
_____Sometimes I wish I had an INTERESTING, and EXCITING job like maybe being the person who test toys....NO, not THAT kind of toys!!!!!
I'm getting nuttin' for Christmas
Again please take note of my disclaimer from Camera Troubles, “I am not an Optometrist”, so I am not attempting to prove anything for or against medical science but observing our ability and capability.
“‘The blue refers to the centrality of family life, a recognition of the importance of faith, a real commitment to the work ethic, a very casual but nonetheless profound patriotism that people feel about England,’ he suggests.”
And wonder what the skies have swept into this day.
With the line between reality and dream consistently blurred, Camelia turns to pottery to get a grip on her emotions. She begins sculpting a figure skater, only to receive frightening premonitions that someone's in danger. But who is the intended victim? And how can Camelia help that person when she’s on the brink of losing her own sanity?
4) Light Soya sauce – 3 table spoon
A tempest in the chamber pot, but one the GOP seems hell-bent on pressing while ignoring all the other weirdness going on.
But he tells well. He does it artfully.
Perhaps things will be improved before the expansion launches. One can hope.
Softness settled into his gaze as he stared at me. “You are a poet, raven.” He teased, I knew, to turn the subject, but I would not be abashed.
It takes up our entire console and I just would really like a clever idea as to how to make it not the complete focal point of our living room...
We travelled through Vermont and on to Hanover, New Hampshire for the weekend.
06/25 – New York, NY @ Highline Ballroom
5) Tell us about your writing habits: where you write, when you write, how much you write, etc.
Wholly Engaged: Experiential Learning – Rebecca Brockman
And the amusing thing is that the study was founded and carried out by "progressives". "Progressivism" was overwhelmingly dominant in pre-war America. And it wasn't even a government study initially. It was started by a private charity funded by the former chairman of Sears Roebuck, a Progressive Jew named Julius Rosenwald. A small excerpt from Wikipedia:
By the end of 1981 the band came to an end. Jim had started his own business and stopped playing drums to pursue that and take care of his family. Martin and Greg then formed a top 40 band called Tommy Gunn before going on to play in a short-lived band called Invisible Babylon with Jerome Brish (who insisted on being called Presley Haskel).
♦ backplate is 1 3/4" in length and 1 1/4" in width
1. Perverted thieves pass laws that prevent us from putting locks on the doors.
In the end I settled for a pair of natural-looking brown ones which other bloggers had said were quite comfortable to wear - Geo Angel Brown.
The food was so so only. Not much varieties to choose from. We did enjoy the food especially Gwen. She asks us to bring her to buffet again!
Tynda
Relation to Head of House:
fast forward July 5, 2009.
It’s not quite the same with an online multiplayer fps. For starters, games often only take off once a critical number of people have joined. Before that number is reached, players are basically hanging around, entertaining themselves. But they need to stay as just by being there, they increase the likelihood of others joining to make up that critical mass.
It contained a small paring knife which he would use to slice up apples.
Stage 4 Is it technical?
and 6 Two-way nail pens
▼ August (1)
Although, I do have a GUEST POST ready for my dear friend, Ping @ Ping'sPickings, which I successfully have made just about a day or two before I had this accident on both hands that will be preventing me from blogging....(sure, sure, excuses, excuses! LOL)
your dreams and reality?
"As affirmed in the Doha Declaration on TRIPS and Public Health, the United States respects a trading partner’s right to protect public health and, in particular, to promote access to medicines for all, and supports the vital role of the patent system in promoting the development and creation of new and innovative lifesaving medicines."
*”I’m exhausted from hanging on the ledge and having some kid’s foot on my fingertips.”
Seriously, how many more can you pick out?
I'm 29 years old and live in North London. I'm not originally from here though. I was brought up and went to school in a small town in the Midlands called Coalville.
Happy to all be together again.
Synopsis(B&N):
NO BAKE WALNUT BARS
Last week I learned that H3 is back on Facebook.
It is a silicone spray water proofing agent. I usually apply two coats, just to be sure. Then I let then whole thing cure for a day or two and test it under running water.
So there is this young man called Philip in Act 6 v 1-6 he started as a deacon; to become a deacon, he was already a star; people have sought him out and they found him to be a man of good report; full of holy spirit and faith and then they make him a deacon, very soon he became an evangelist, he kept on rising and rising.
Strength: The Blue Devils have arguably the best backcourt in college basketball. Andre Dawkins, Seth Curry and Austin Rivers form a backcourt that’s lit scoreboards up all year. It’s not only that they score it’s also when they score. All three have hit big shots including Rivers’ now iconic three-pointer to beat North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Duke is always good and these three are the main reason why.
For my part of the future…I have quite a few things to consider. My default plan is to find a site where I can function as a counselor under supervision, which is part of the procedure for getting state licensure. Once I am licensed by the state, I can set up a private practice or at least get paid more(I hope).
mad by Harriet
Over the past three months, the support you’ve afforded us has enabled these outcomes to happen. Please be clear that without your support none of this could have happened. The orders you have placed with us has enabled us to give the trainees the very best experience of work that could have possibly been given. They’ve learned so much about the food business but more than that they’ve learned so much about themselves. They now understand what it is to be a “Great Employee” and a “Supportive Colleague” and I’d be proud to give a reference to any one of them. I can tell you that their CV’s are outstanding and fully reflect their capabilities and qualities and will stand them in good stead for their future careers. Apart from their practical experience, they have spent almost as much time in a classroom setting learning so much about themselves. How their past attitudes and actions were hindering them and how a renewed and positive attitude will help them to ensure they secure work and therefore a future for themselves and their families.
beetle crushers were all the rage
The extraction itself had to be the worst dentist visit I have ever endured. It took just over two and a quarter hours! There were four roots on this particular molar, one of which he hadn't seen when he did the root canal. He had to grind the tooth into four parts to extract each bit separately, and boy did they hold on for dear life. I felt like he was removing all my teeth with all the grinding and pulling and wrenching!
(Amu, the heroine with Ran (red, sporty chara), Miki (blue artistic chara) & Su (Green, cooking & all things cute chara)
For the Urfe character in The Magus, he meets a young beautiful woman protegé of Conchis named Lily de Seitas who has a twin sister, Rose… and both seduce him… drawing him in deeper…
Can blogs be answer to prayers? I think so!
This was a little bit of an experiment to see if I could get a nicer shot over the back of York University without the glare from the sun that had just decided to come out from behind the clouds that had been giving a nice pattern to the sky as well as doing a good job of blocking out the glare from the morning sunrise.
You're on the road
When you go to a running store to buy your first running shoes they will put you on a treadmill and check your gait for Pronation.
This is the first of Kelly Long's books that I have read and I was not disappointed. I plan to search for all of her books and continue to read them as she makes them. With the current trend in Christian fiction being Amish novels, this one is surprisingly refreshing. It was a different plot than most and held a real clear message about marriage and relationships.
The ancient Romans believed that anyone who was improperly buried would become an unhappy ghost, so they held a deep conviction that it was absolutely essential for every person — regardless of social standing — to be buried properly and avoid such a fate. Problem was, Roman society had a sizable gap between the rich and the poor. Many soldiers in the Roman Legion did not have the resources to afford such a burial. So burial clubs were born, and the instances of unhappy ghosts were presumably greatly minimized.
Here are infographics of some of my most commonly used hashtags: #edchat #edreform #mlearning #unschooling #studentvoice
185 – Mike McKenna (Martial Arts Planet, 2-0) def. Donald Emerson (Toronto BJJ, 0-1) via TKO (ground-and-pound) at 0:50 of Round 1.
_____Yes I got your friend request. I didn't see the "Whatever" button and "Confirm" didn't sound right (friend request quote status)
His most memorable law, and where I'm going with this, was "Systems of Regulations created as a management surrogate take on a life of their own and exhibit a growth history which closely parallels other living entities observed in nature". He went on to show the number of pages in armed forces procurement regulation vs. time along with a curve of weed growth (from the journal "Weed Science"), and produced a graph any biology student will instantly recognize as the sigmoid growth curve of populations, also called the logistic function.
But the next day I am reading the moarning paper and find out she was in Lancaster yesterday because she is going with a local guy and they were having lunch locally. This is not the first time she has been in the area.
Next up is my brother Eric, who—in addition to kicking ass at the Special Olympics—has taken up the travel bug in recent years. I figure I’ll drop 50Gs on his doorstep too. I’m sure that he can find a use for that money, whether it’s for travelling or injecting himself with horse tranquilizers to calm the nerves before a big race, I don’t care as long as he’s happy.
1 1/4 cup shredded part skim mozzarella
It is estimated that the Cuomo plan would permit drilling in 80-85% of the Marcellus Shale territory in New York State. The formation itself covers a substantial portion of the state but far more of New York would be affected, particularly with a flow of contaminants down through the Finer Lakes and surrounding area into Lake Ontario.
Empty beaches, empty coffers.
Cognition and Alcohol
For would-be guests, we have some fantastic rooms with views offered at late availability discounted rates for a stay this public holiday long weekend. So if you are looking for a break and fancy one in the Lakes, do check out our website to see what we have to offer. We’d love to have you staying with us, and our B&B can be booked online or over the phone.
My love of English got a huge boost from my having one grandparent who told me to “go up the apples and pears and into Uncle Ned“, and another who called me, happily, a “pawky wee thing”. My father’s mother was born in Birmingham, but lived in Falkirk from the age of four, so I am surprised to read that “pawky” is British rather than Scots. My mother’s father used a little rhyming slang, and she came to Falkirk in 1957, so I was surprised to learn that “wersh”, sour, which I learned from her, is Scots rather than English. So difficult it is to classify language.
The butter was the clincher; look for a post on it later this week.
“Why are we walking?” Hank asked as he tried to keep up with Chris.
8. What I Wore Posts. While some people enjoy these, if you post more than one a week, I will not comment. For the record, yes, you dress WAY better than me and yes, you look amazing.
I'll carry her round in my pocket.
Daniel Tosh says more offensive things literally every day. So does David Cross. Richard Pryor did too. So in a lot of ways the platform makes all the difference. If I call myself a comedian I can get away with a lot more than I can if I call myself a columnist. Just look at Jon Stewart, right?
(12 marks)
This one, however, DOES. In fact, it's even a tad large.
Be still, my soul; thy Jesus can repay
BANANA BROWNIES (EGGLESS)
Do you know what happens when your 6 year old bakes muffins? - you digress so far from the original recipe that it bears only a slight resemblance to what you intended to bake. Almonds get turned down (because nuts are good only with chocolate, Amma), chocolate chips get added in (there's so little left in the packet Amma, lets finish it) and finally the muffins miraculously sprout sprinkles on top (Please Amma, can we have sprinkles on top - Please, please pleaaaaaase).
I am loving my new rota, I work mon-fri evenings, and sat mornings. I get Thursdays as my day off WOOOOOOOOOOOOP WOOOOOOOOOOOOP That leaves me time to sleep and be a lazy bone :)
Total
PILM: How did you get into the music and entertainment business?
Please stop by Bloggabella for more of the release images - I've only seen these two and the teasers she has put on her blog & SCS so I'm excited to see the rest
PIYO: You can’t please everyone, putar.
Live a blissful life and succeed!
Happy Father’s Day Dad!
(Chorus)
The raw glare softens and clings,
When I first saw this film I was about 10 so it made absolutely no sense but when I watched it a bit older at 16 I thought it was one of the best Sci-Fi films I had ever seen, didn’t matter that the visuals where a bit weird or some scenes were absurdly funny when it should be serious I still just loved watching it. In Paul Verhoeven’s wild sci-fi action movie Total Recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a 21st-century construction worker who discovers that his entire memory of the past derives from a memory chip implanted in his brain. Schwarzenegger learns that he’s actually a secret agent who had become a threat to the government, so those in power planted the chip and invented a domestic lifestyle for him. Tim’s Film Reviews Recommended.
Proverbs 4: 22-27 says: My son, pay attention to what I say; turn your ear to my words. Do not let them out of your sight, keep them within your heart; for they are life to those who find them and health to one’s whole body. Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it. Keep your mouth free of perversity; keep corrupt talk far from your lips. Let your eyes look straight ahead; fix your gaze directly before you. Give careful thought to the paths for your feet and be steadfast in all your ways. Do not turn to the right or the left; keep your foot from evil.
Authors: Jeremy Drew and Tamar Shafran (Reynolds Porter Chamberlain)
The Amendment Project By Arnold SCHWARZENEGGER About A Change Of The Constitution Needs A PLUS: MIKE FULLER!! ALL CITIZENS NEEDS A TICKET!!
If you look at the combination of attacks on our terms & conditions, the constant media drip-feed of pantomime villain police stories, our apparent replacement by PCSO’s or private guards, the current labelling of all police officers as racist bandwagon and now yet another thing we can go to jail for (chasing criminals and rushing to emergencies) I really wonder if someone is trying to stop us doing our job.
Well apparently it is, because I have never done it, and I know a lot of other fellow rappers that have never used drugs. So get used to it, rappers don’t do it anymore.
Did you have a nice weekend? We just returned from Phoenix where we met a group of friends to watch some baseball games for spring training. It was the first real vacation we've taken with my three year-old twins (excluding family visits) and they held up remarkably well -- we were worried. Anyway, it was nothing but sunshine, warm weather, with some baseball, beer, and hotdogs thrown in. Not a bad way to spend a long weekend.
In the UK, where the phone booths are iconic but increasingly irrelevant in our age of cell phones and mobile devices, James Econs took an abandoned booth,
Not that labour relations have been left to the self determination of union members. The corporate state has regulated trade unions to the point where action is legally hedged around to the point of being almost ineffectual. This has resulted in a dramatic fall in union membership.
I said yes and thank you, and just like I’d been hearing from the speakers before me, I introduced myself with words that would also become a regular part of my life during the next six months:
This study reported by UPI should (but probably won't) put paid to these FReeperesque beliefs about liberalism and crime. The United States Peace Index supposedly shows that among all 50 states, Maine is the safest or least violent state, Louisiana is the most violent. Maine, of course, is known as a liberal state, and certainly tends to vote Democrat. Why is it not among the most violent or crime-ridden states?
14.THE PASSIONS - I'm in Love with a German Film Star
POP goes the thumb.
I had a super presentation from Ian Lamb (Head of Children's Publicity) and Susannah Curran (Head of Children's Marketing) on a neat little netbook. Is this a new trend, for marketing and PR people to come to the Fair? Nicky Potter was there for Frances Lincoln too.
7. SAFE AREA GORAZDE
Well, I was just blog hopping and found that Cuddly Buddly have just launched their very 1st challenge at "Let's Keep Creating" and the theme is from Katie - "A Brand New ......." (Baby, New Year, Wedding, stamp/product etc). I was sooooo excited because I had just finished colouring this image and then the card just came together .....
The more religious one becomes the more dangerous and the more violent he may become. Is that a true assumption? It seems to be as we look at today’s’ text, Acts 22:3.
Local youngsters as young as ten regularly sprint past us as they tug their passenger-laden horses up the hill.
“Yes, child,” the stick replied with a sigh. “But, I think we are quite past that by now. Have you not heard me? You have been Chosen.”
Opening: Jessica was a worrier. She worried about everything. She worried about losing her first tooth, and remembering her lunch money, and missing the school bus, and getting her math right.
This drink is smooth, tart, acidic, and has a hint of vodka. Bon dégustation. Hope you enjoy.
Neil Gaiman – The Witch’s Headstone
So let’s take a look at them, and then investigate what you can do to lessen any risks.
I've always been a little "off".
Superultrafrostified. (Milford, p.472)
trying to make connections between ancient and modern ideas
That was when I last heard from him.We didn’t argue, we didn’t have a disagreement – it was just the last time I heard from him. His flight was due in two nights ago and I texted him welcoming him here. No response.
The BBC World Service has a report of Maurice being led into the fort with his hands above his head. It seems that in spite of the best attempts of the RMC to cover up the reality of what happened on the 19th, the truth is leaking out.
*In theory, bronze is an alloy of copper and tin, brass is an alloy of copper and zinc. In practice, both terms are somewhat imprecise and can refer to a range of copper alloys with various amounts of other metals. Copper-alloy is a useful catch-all term.
Lakshmi
This was a surprising book in that I thought it would go one way, quite frankly negative, but Herd takes it the other way, honest but hopeful. At times, though, it was hard to track his thoughts and I would get lost in where he was going.
I filled in The silence with forced levity
Tip 9: Be confident and be yourself
16) CTA Conversion Rate - CTA stands for call-to-action, of course. Track the percentage of people who visited a particular page who also clicked a CTA on that page. It indicates the appeal of the offer, whether the CTA is well-crafted and written, and if it has good placement on the page.
Different cultures are different.
I have missed my crafty blog!
► 2008 (262)
Friends With Benefits
It would be interesting if anyone has any further insight into this part, or even wants to buy it so we can have a closer look!http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/Honda-F1-Front-hub-and-2x-2004-Honda-BBS-front-wheels-/220606901522?cmd=ViewItem&pt=UK_Sports_Memorabilia_ET&hash=item335d322d12
She pushed him away into the distance with his screams echoing and a dispirited expression on her face. The proper response to this was to take a sledgehammer to the television, but I imagine it didn't occur to her.
I started out as a lurker, but quickly became a subscriber, and the 20 or so gorgeous kits that I received in the coming months were by far some of the best scrappy packages ever! The inspiration that I gained from the design team along the way played a huge part in my creative growth.
So what else can you do with 6 lbs of chicken? Well, hopefully when you ate it (and not all of the chicken), you saved the bones. I should have mentioned, the 6 lbs of chicken meat was meant for only 2 people, and made to stretch of dinner that night, chicken chunks for butternut squash soup and more chicken for Part 4!
Q039) What do you do to get confidence?
** Ibid., Nos. 3, 4, and 5, in the Table.
Still his two feet fascinated them more and more newly with each step.
of serious illness to a healthy millionaire friend of his who also
Thank you so much for reading! I am and always will be learning and would love to learn from you guys, so please don’t hesitate to give me a message! Questions, challenges, book suggestions, anything! I would be glad to hear from you!
All law is interpretation. A lawyer uses words inherently imprecise, and when a law is applied to the fact ofa new situation what lawyers do is interpret the code words to deem them appropriately or inappropriately applied to the case at hand. To view the law means to understand interpretation. Law has more to do with Critical Literacy Studies than it probably has to do with anything else.
And so what? Some people have more stuff than you do, big freaking deal. Capitalism is such a horrible system that our poor people live better than the rich in most of the rest of the world.
California's elected officials have been doing as little planning as possible, unless one counts planning to spend tens of billions of dollars the state doesn't have on a high-speed rail line that will partially replicate what the airlines already do. Our leaders are battling new water-storage facilities and punishing farmers with absurd water-use restrictions. They impose roadblocks to building new highway systems, and land-use regulations make it nearly impossible to build the homes and businesses necessary to meet the needs of a growing population. You can hardly call that planning. ...
3.Also you can skip capsicum / spring onions /onions in the gravy and just make plain with ginger-garlic flavour gravy.
Mildred starts to be difficult, asking where the other guests are. Monty tells her there’s a pretty bad storm outside and she childishly says she didn’t notice any storm. Uh, ok then. What’s she on about? Monty hands her a drink and indicates she’ll have to spend the night but she grabs her coat and says she’s going home. What gives, Mildred? I thought you risked your neck to come all the way out here so you could break up with this guy. What’re you doing?
Attaining this status removes the potential for double taxation at both the corporate and the investor level and is intended to help align returns from property held within REIT structures with that held directly.
'The Question' will be a series for this blog where every so often, I'll post a question in the title, accompanied by a short post. Its main purpose is to get bloggers and readers talking and sharing ideas. They may be controversial, funny or just plain weird. Each of the posts will be labelled so that if you want quick access to all 'The Question' topics you can find them in the topic list in the right column of the blog...
Time to whip out your cookie cutters and go to town! Have fun with this part. No, really, I'll wait...
- Paul Ehrlich, Professor of Population Studies
Truck/car
As we heal and rebuild our technologic lives, advice and encouragement from friends, family and well-wishers is appreciated.
Independence Day
I realize that I still must challenge my conclusions. I may still have missed something else that would be key to my understanding of the experience of these students. There is always more to learn.
These are really great for the price. For some reason they only sell them online, and they take a while to arrive (more than a week, which nowadays is a long time). They also do ones with nickel trim, with bulbs that swivel. The reviews for the swivelling bulb model weren’t as good, as some people said that the connection was weak, which led to failure. I think I’ll try one and put it somewhere where if I have to replace it it won’t be too much trouble.
I placed the lids of plastic shoe boxes upside down under the wire to hold water with a large surface area to generate more humidity. I put a “bumper” of paper towels around the wire because sometimes little legs can get stuck between the grate and the wall. I covered all of this with foam shelf liner; I usually use paper towels but wanted to give this a try. So far, I like the way it will further protect the chicks from the edges. I have a piece of aquarium tubing running through an vent hole down into a shoe box lid so that I can add more water without opening the incubator. Last hatch, the chicks climbed on the tubing and it fell inside, so now I am using a vent hole plug on the tubing to keep that from happening again. I like to put the eggs in a cut-down carton to keep them air-cell-up and prevent hatched buddies from knocking them around. I cut off the tops and the bottoms so that air can move all around the egg preventing the chick from stifling if they pip in an odd place.
There was a terribly familiar shape
Little Sprouts Farm is located in White City, Oregon.
All in all, I had a nice time in Lailbela. I didn't get any fleas or bedbugs (phew!) and I got to see a lot of interesting things. I wish I'd done my homework and gotten to see a few of the other "tourist attraction" villages around Ethiopia.
The interior weapons cache of the sunken Laher ship in the Indan Ocean went off, causing what felt like an 8.2 quake. Efforts have been made to remove all weapons from the secondary cache.
I think the results are a pleasant surprise.
The bill, which passed the full Senate earlier this month, would require all state sexual education classes to “exclusively and emphatically” promote abstinence while banning teachers from promoting any form of “gateway sexual activity.” The latter term, which has garnered national media attention and been lampooned by comedian Stephen Colbert, is not specifically defined in the bill.
The Master also says in Matthew 9 when he is criticized for eating with the sinners:
The quickest way to make the batter is to blend the wet ingredients in a food processor first, and then mix the dry ingredients in after that. Serve with a side of smugness and satisfaction.
hurt the economy
Apparently there is no need to discover if allegations are true nowadays. Just the fact that someone has been accused by anonymous sources is enough to convict - at least in the press. So much for innocent until proven guilty. Proof of a settlement is no proof at all, particularly when it comes to sexual harassment allegations. It is routine for large companies to pay off on claims like this as it is far cheaper (even at $45,000) than investigating and defending a suit. Ultimately, a southern man - particularly of a certain age - calling someone 'darling' is as much sexual harassment as Brigadier General Michael Walsh's calling Senator Barbara Boxer 'ma'am' was an attempt to somehow demean her. Ridiculous.
6 of my favorite people.
"Do you have the tickets?" Josh asked me.
There are many varieties of squeaky shoes. They come in boy and girl designs. Girl squeaky sandals are so adorable. Of course they’re pink. Little boys get squeaky sandals are adorable too. They’re traditional brown in a similar style as the girl’s. The shoes themselves for girls are pink with a flower. For boys, shoes are traditional navy and white, resembling adult shoes. And for your athlete, there are even squeaky sneakers.
My heart afflicted by disease,
THANK YOU!!!
i.e. because I shouldn't have spent a penny!
Incredibly, most of the original structures on the grounds were in continuous use from 1805 to the 1970s, including the slave quarters, which later served as housing for temporary laborers. Made from cypress wood, which doesn’t rot or warp and resists termites, the buildings have good reason to last a long time. The main house was also built without a single nail. (Cue “Ooooh ahhhh” from tour group)
It was only a matter of time before I incorporated an Iris into the Vintage series... Love Purples, Love Irises.
As I drove to their small village, I had no idea whether the trip would be worthwhile. She had insisted on the phone that she didn't want to sell, but at the same time, for a non-seller, she gave me a load of appetite- whetting information.
As for Jon, he's just doing his usual: working and reading and hanging out and being a dad. It has been so helpful to have him around to help with potty training! He's changing schedules for a few weeks, but then we hope he will be put permanently on his current shift because it has worked REALLY well for us with school, work, and Kara schedules. If he can keep this shift, we will rarely need a babysitter while I am at work or school, which would be a huge relief.
You can send guests a complex three-dimensional invitation or put your invite on a DVD. You can even send a singing telegram, but you’d still have to send a paper reminder since no one will remember everything the messenger sang.
Well, lack of control really. A lack of control of what is digitized from my works. After all, come July the rights to my first two books will revert back to me and technically it will mean I will be out of print and Google will be allowed to digitize my books without my say-so.
I suppose I’m not the easiest person to love. I’m flawed, perhaps not on the surface, but still waters run deep. I can’t say I’m more deserving of love than someone else. I’ve done things in my past of which I’m ashamed. Sadly I haven’t always learnt my lesson but I’m trying. I’ve experienced events in my past that trouble me to this day. I would like to say I’ve learnt the art of forgiveness but sometimes I catch the demons whispering in my ear. The reality is you can’t runaway from your past, you have to find a way to learn to live with it.
1/2 cup mushrooms, sliced
I love barbecue in (almost) all its forms. For some reason, I don't like brisket at all. I could eat pulled pork all day long. Or mmmm barbecue chicken. Even Sloppy Joe's. The only problem is the ingredients. I've talked a lot before about how I care about what I put into my body. Have you ever taken a look at the ingredients on a bottle of barbecue sauce? Yikes, it’s a mile long, and I can’t pronounce most of them. And the healthy or organic barbecue sauces get expensive, so I got the easy route instead.
Mikkeller Green Gold IPA
1 constitute
(This came out of reading in Psalm 78 this morning, remembering God’s faithfulness in desert times.)
The Supreme Court’s decision in a 1989 case, Webster v. Reproductive Health Services revitalized the antiabortion cause. That decision upheld the rights of states to restrict abortion in several ways. The abortion debate now moved to the state legislatures, not the federal government. As the antiabortion activists were organizing around Robertson and the Christian Coalition, pro-choice organizations were working to mobilize their forces on the other side, to protect choice in Washington. The appointment of several conservative justices to the Supreme Court during the Reagan and Bush years ignited fears in pro-choice organizations that Roe v. Wade could be completely overturned. These organizations banded together to become Taxpayers for Choice and later Pro-Choice Washington, and created and supported Initiative 120, the Reproductive Privacy Act, to codify Roe v. Wade into state law. This was not a strictly grassroots effort. Many elected officials at the time, cochaired the effort, including Booth Gardner (then governor, a Democratic) and Joel Pritchard (then lt. governor, a Republican). As an indication of how political abortion had become, there were many diverse groups on both sides of the Initiative 120 debate. Pro-Choice Washington was made up of many organizations, including: American Association of University Women, ACLU, Asian Pacific Women’s Caucus, League of Women Voters, NARAL, NOW, National Political Congress of Black Women, Planned Parenthood Affiliates of Washington, Planned Parenthood of Seattle-King County, Religious Coalition for Abortion Rights, Washington Citizens for Abortion Choice, Washington State Political Caucus, Washington Women United and the Northwest Women’s Law Center. Groups that opposed 120 included: Human Life, Washington United, Washington State Catholic Conference, Christian Action Council of King County, Western Washington American Family Association. Although the legislation only affected Washington state, the Initiative received national support. Only 150,001 signatures were required to put the measure before the Legislature, but the initiative went to the Legislature with more than 242,000 signatures, the most ever gathered for an initiative in the state’s history at that time. Since the Legislature chose not to pass the initiative, it was presented to the voters on the November ballot. Surprisingly, it only passed by a very narrow margin, less than half of a percent.
Tim Bowser wasn't in, but he'd told me to get a sample of the Trout Stout they'd debuted on St. Pat's. I walked in, and saw two guys I'd met when I picked up the keg -- the assistant brewer and a friend of Tim's (and I obviously missed both their names, and I do apologize!) -- having lunch: a couple chunks of cheese, a loaf of fresh bread, a rough-looking ring bologna, and two pints of stout. What a great-looking lunch. I was handed a pint of stout -- excellent: bitter, refreshing, and tasty, hope it joins the lineup -- and we talked about how things had been pretty damned busy on St. Pat's. I finally had to ask: is that a local ring bologna? Yes, it was, from the meat market down the street, they made their own bologna, jerky (got some of that, too!), hams...yum. I got a ring, jerky, fresh-roasted peanuts, and a drink, and headed on down the road.
I doubt anyone is reading this blog anymore, but here's a tune to relieve me of my headache just in case there is.
I also bought myself four t-shirts to go under the jumpers and clothing I already have. I know that not only have I got to be careful with what I eat, I’ve got to be careful with my spending too! I don’t normally treat myself so much to things, but I do enjoy that too now! And I like buying stuff for my 2 nieces. It gives me a lot of satisfaction and I like treating/spoiling them! My sister jokes, but it’s true, that before my hospitalization, I was ‘rich auntie’ and now I am meant to be ‘poor auntie’! No job or income, I haven’t even got my benefits set up yet as I’m still battling red tape! Anyway, it’s still two things that I really need to grab a hold of and control better.
And southward in the ocean, some people worked with clay
.ALL ABOUT THE BENJAMINS.
would have been considered wasteful.
Smoke on the water
SCACD just got in a bunch of new paper pads and other products ordered from CHA. Stop by and take a look, I'm going shopping too! Have a great day!
Also I doubt I would let it get to the stage of burnout. Why would you? Maybe it is because I have held down so many highly stressful and time consuming jobs in the past that I find it a totally alien concept to force that kind of extra stress onto myself doing something I am supposed to be enjoying.
The control
Then I shower and walk up to the school to start my other jobs: mother and housemaid. I use the Notes app that comes with the iPhone to get my head around how the day pans out.
Title: The Hunger Games
- Spring 2001 visits India for last time to bathe in Ganges River
Helen Hamilton has spent her entire sixteen years trying to hide how different she is--no easy task on an island as small and sheltered as Nantucket. And it's getting harder. Nightmares of a desperate desert journey have Helen waking parched, only to find her sheets damaged by dirt and dust. At school she's haunted by hallucinations of three women weeping tears of blood . . . and when Helen first crosses paths with Lucas Delos, she has no way of knowing they're destined to play the leading roles in a tragedy the Fates insist on repeating throughout history.
Huey and Herbie discussing birdie life on the big boy perch. Huey's face is yellow from their calcium perch.
While I realize I am about to compare Malus domestica to Citrus sinensis, I have the similar figures for the United States.
Roy Peter Clark, of the Poynter Institute said,
There is nothing more heart warming to see the same fun-loving family, after almost six years, getting together to celebrate another family milestone! There have also been a lot of little additions to the family!
Babygirl is a preschool graduate.
Finish: Medium length. An excellent balance of sweet and dry flavours.
Fascism typically is a response by the capitalist state to the threat of a growing revolutionary working class. It harnesses the traditional values of family, race and nation to organise petty bourgeois and lumpen workers to divide the working class and isolate the militant threat to 'national order'. In NZ fascism is rooted in the family values of the bourgeois family where patriarchal values of male dominance over women are reproduced. For example, the NACT (National-ACT-Maori Party Coalition Government) MP Paul Quinn’s slagging off of drunken women recently is all about shifting the blame for rape from men to ‘unruly’ women.
“I would like to thank…” None of these ignorant people. They are just insects compared to me. I am Hollywood.
Vv. 11-12… God roars against Edom… “because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever” (KJV)… Edom is Esau… unforgiveness is a sin… Remember the Jacob-Esau controversy… Esau never stifled his anger against Jacob. (Ezekiel 35:1-5 tells the story… they had a perpetual and ancient hatred for Israel.) Edom had a reputation for hatred, cruelty, and resentment. Esau could not get victory over this sin (Numbers 20:14-21, 2 Samuel 8:14, 2 Kings 8:20). Judgment will always come when there is anger, unforgiveness, and resentment between brethren… It will show up in the physical body. There comes a time when this sin has reached its full course and God begins to roar: the judgment begins. Over the years, many Christian have held deep resentments in their hearts against other Christians. Their differences have never been resolved… their relationships are strained. God will roar from Zion…
I’m trying to encourage Trishna Dey to have her poems translated into English. I could even attempt to do so myself. Once there are translated they may have a better chance of receiving the recognition they so richly deserve. I may come back in my blog to Trishna in a few months with a sample of her poems in English.
Roll each piece into an 18″ long rope. Then, shape them into pretzels by making a loop with the dough and then twisting the ends together and tucking them into the bottom (I just laid the ends on top as shown and they turned out fine). Place all of the pretzels on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. For the topping, stir the sugar into the water until dissolved, and then brush the mixture over the pretzels (it helps the pretzels brown nicely, and it helps the salt stick, too). Sprinkle the pretzels with kosher or coarse-grain salt, if desired.
· Experience with Tomcat, Websphere, or Weblogic is desirable
So, I highly recommend this, if you can handle a good cry. It will particularly affect moms, and teens, and adults who REALLY remember what it was like to be a teen, and moms of teens.
About 15 minutes of sitting and watching the lights but not much had changed. It was time to head back. Walking back, I still had the camera in my hands. Suddenly, red streaks appeared in the sky on my right side. Unfortunately I was not at the best location to capture the moment. Trees blocked the view. The red streaks was only there for about 2 minutes, then it was gone.
ME: "Yeah....uh....(pant pant)...this is just....(round and down) kinda funny and all.....ha (round and down) kinda like my recurring nightmare that uh....I've been having since I was a child."
At MGM Garson starred in memorable film classics including “Goodbye, Mr. Chips”. Garson was nominated for an Oscar for her role.
For as long as I can remember, I’ve lived in Astoria. I lived in the same neighborhood for almost 7 years now and now I think I know it better than the back of my hand. My memories all come from this little circle around my house because everything I need is here and probably will be here for a while. My school is only three blocks away, the deli where iI get food is one block away, and the park I love, Astoria Park, is only three blocks away. The house I live in, itself, isn’t great, but the neighborhood brings back so many memories.
Last Day of 2011
– aren’t tempted by things that you’ve decided are off-limits
In one of my national democratic youth activist friends online conversations with Simsimi, the free artificial intelligence conversation program, they were flattered to hear positive responses about the mass organizations of which they were active members.
If we're going to expand the Federal government (more, again, still), let's not pretend the Republicans didn't oversee the largest such expansion ever.
FALSE TEACHINGS OF NEW AGE "HEALERS"
— Admit mistakes and correct them promptly.
Amitabh
Takin' action shots of your junkin' adventures.
Hold onto that thought and keep on dreaming. Keep on doing whatever you can. Can’t do much more than that.
The Make It Monday challenge is to use non-background stamps to make a background. I used a dandelion head from the Anniversary set, Botanical Silhouettes. It looks like little fireworks! The basic color scheme is melon berry, enchanted evening, and simply chartreuse (I used calypso coral, the indigo, and lucky limeade from the new SU in colors as ink.) And, of course, all the really GOOD patterned paper has glitter, so....... stickles.
Tenderness in the breasts and/or genitals.
"The world changes, and Congress and the laws have to change with it," said Senate Banking Committee Chairman Phil Gramm (R-Texas), who has fought for years for the overhaul. Gramm said the bill would improve banking competition and stability.
According to research, humans innately prefer consonance over dissonance, with dissonance possibly causing a slight “pain” in the ear as the two tones vibrate either too closely together or out of phase. (see research of Sacks, Levitin, Fink, Kagan, and Zentner; AMAZING STUFF). Some of these studies were done on infants, which means I don’t have to add that to my list of curiosities; we innately DO prefer consonance.
He’s got the trust of LeGrand and of his family. Like Katie’s piece, it’s the stuff of a powerful doc. And like Katie’s piece, when you get this kind of access and story, let’s try and go the extra mile and get home with them as well. It could make a huge difference.
2 tbsp alkalized (Dutch process) cocoa (I omitted in some of my cakes; added equivalent amount of flour)
We praise you Lord.
Time For A Change: This is the first knmown live performance of this song by
xoxoxoxoxo
#15-Jenn Zebb Did win a Digi!!!
“So Daniel, what has changed in your life that has you looking for alternate ways to make income?” (i.e lost job, job isn’t covering it, just wants more out of life etc.)
I am grateful that it was around this time I started reading about natural learning. I learned the theory that kids don't need to be taught how to do things, because they will learn what they need when they are ready. I backed off. No more teaching my son how to walk. I got more comfortable answering the question, He's not walking yet? with something like Why would he want to do that when he can crawl so fast?
I’m not sure how much it is going to help me in the long run, but it has got me focused back on the task of getting to know my characters – even if I am going over old ground listing the events I already know about, rather than ploughing ahead with the more complex happenings I’m been stuck on. The good thing is that once I’ve done it then I will have something to refer back to, to build on, to remind me of what I envisiged for each character when I was at this point in the planning process. It will probably take quite some time, but it is worth doing I think. The way I see it is that: No one said it was going to be easy. If it were easy we’d all be doing it, but I want to be one of the ones who at least attempted the challenge of it all.
Speakeasy Double Daddy -- good stuff
Inmates held on immigration detainers were one of the few countervailing trends: ICE detainers accounted for 3.3% of local jail inmates in 2011 nationwide, compared to 1.7% in 2005 (the 21st century floor).
On Sundays, we often head to three markets in East London: Spitalfields, Brick Lane, and Columbia Road Flower Market. Spitalfields is great for clothing, vintage, handcrafted items, and food. I've posted about it before, so you can read more here.
What kind of poetry do you write? I write eclectically. I’m drawn to short form, but I can spin a yarn now and then. I love to play with words and syllabic forms; I break the rules more often than not. Tillie Olsen’s “triple life” is something that I struggle with and try to explore ways of describing. Poetry is a way of existing.
The next day I woke up and started bouncing around excitedly trying to get my family to go down to the Waterpark with me. Mum was busy, so Emi and I went down. It's an all inclusive resort, so the waterpark, rooms, restaurants, convention center, and spa are all accessible without ever leaving trhe building! Emi originally didn't want to go in the wave pool, or on the slides, since the last time she'd been to a waterpark she was about 8 and it terrified her! However, as soon as she saw that there were tubes for the wave pool, she decided she's try it, and we both had a blast! After that, we tried several slides, which were all extremely awesome!
1 darkened
David and his lovely wife spent some time chatting with us - they are terrific! Such warm and kind people.
Jewelry, clothing, buttons and badges-- you're welcome to submit anything wearable, as long as you've incorporated at least one Tim Holtz product and/or technique. Idea-ology pieces are a natural fit for this challenge, but you could also decorate a T-shirt or scarf, make a hair ornament... there are so many options!
And with that, chickadees, I’m off to walk into the sunshine and then to my desk until it’s time to see what I’m really made of.
Perhaps the most famous (or infamous) open-ended question is “How does this make you feel?” or some variation thereof. This has become a cliché in both journalism and therapy. The reason it is so widely used is that it’s so effective.
The finished quilt was ready to give to Jane on March 24, when we celebrated Grandma Elma’s 93rd birthday. Jane and I met for the first time. It was a good day for many reasons, a small one was that this project was completed!
I sat on the sofa and looked at Kapua sleeping on the top of the DVD tower on the other side of the room. He opens his eyes, to a slit. We contemplated each other…
After reading two of tomorrow’s articles for COMM506, both to do with networking, I found myself really contemplating the ways in which our world has changed, but also how it tends to stay the same. The tools that we use to maintain our networks and the modes that we network in have altered dramatically over the years, especially following the invention and subsequent growth of the internet and web usage. However, who we choose to keep in our network and how we group ourselves has remained similar to the days of the hunter gather societies.
Women who want to continue to breastfeed while going to work use a breast pump regularly during their work day to express their milk, keep their supply high, and provide bottles for their babies to drink while they're at daycare or wherever they are while mom is at work.
guess not. Today will be spent running around like a madwoman preparing for my pup's return from the vet hospital - complete leg reconstruction number four took place yesterday, and bionic dog had to stay overnight - and making a large batch of bone shaped cookies for The Man to say a big thank you for giving my dog a brand new leg via his credit card. And maybe finding some lacy knickers that don't leave large indentations on my thighs with the weight I've gained recently...still, I'll work on those cookies first, I think. (can't tell why this added blubber is creeping up on me...)
Looking for locomotives
England’s incidents of smallpox after vaccination rose steadily from five percent in the beginning to 95% by 1895. There was even a serious epidemic around 1872, one year after smallpox vaccinations were decreed mandatory in the UK. The mortality rate among smallpox victims also shot up five fold around that time.
Crowded House Wheather with you NZ
In a month where people had to come to terms with police raids on media houses, Integrity Commission meltdowns, suspicious crop duster rentals from an underperforming Commissioner of Police, the murder toll climbing to 64 in 59 days, strike actions from unions, protest action from citizens about poor roads and facilities, the Prime Minister and her deck of Jokers delivered speeches that were beyond inappropriate. They were tasteless, full of sound and fury and nothing more.
I really can’t contain myself. I feel this obsessive need to blog every time something good happens to me, and guess what preppies? That decision has changed again. Right when you think I’m one way? One thing?
3-4 tbls goats cheese (optional)
18- intervista & radio credits 5.09
What you didn’t know is that I get to do super EGGciting activities like Easter bread baking and EGGography (I’ve just coined this word and it means “writing, stamping or drawing on eggs”) not for one, but for two weeks each year, as the Bulgarian Orthodox Church celebrates Easter according to the Julian, not the GrEGGorian, calendar and it is very rare that the two Easters coincide. So, we have two Easters in this family each year! What an EGGstravaganza! The Russians are even better off, because in addition to Easter, they also celebrate Christmas according to the Julian calendar, so that makes two Easters and two Christmases. I’d say, EGGregiously unfair! What do I do? I take a stance and I take an action, like this:
Brauerei Gebruder Maisel was founded in Germany in 1887. The company is run by Jeff Maisel, the fourth generation of the family to be involved with the brewery. The company launched Maisel's Weisse in 1955 and today it is one of the largest selling Weisse beers in Bavaria.
Singaporean fans of K-pop idol groups SHINee, B1A4, Teen Top, and 7.9.4.2 can catch them in person this June when they head down for a group concert.
Time in the physical state has no constant and will be in flux, this will bring us plenty of opportunity to put into place the changes that are necessary for our transformation. Time is becoming more transient and moveable. This has an effect on the veil that separates us from the world of spirit and will create mediums of us all! As time becomes more plastic and bends to our needs, if we surrender to it, we can feel more in charge of our development and co-create with ease.
Clearly the metal under the brass finish is less stainless/chrome-y and more gold-y and the sandpaper left a fe scratched behind but still much improved. The jury is still out as to whether I want to scrub and polish all of my doorknobs, spray paint or replace with brand new knobs BUT the good news is this DIY brass to class with oven cleaner does work and I’ll never look at brass furniture flips the same.
Ok I have been totally AWOL again I know but in my defence I have been as sick as a dog for the last week! I am still not feeling wonderful but am at least on the mend :) I do have a couple of layouts to share though :) The first is my first layout using the new Barefoot and Bliss! This range is just so yummy and warm, it really just makes you want to rush off to the beach and lie in the sun! Of course I will just have to dream of that because even though it is June it is cold and miserable here today!
Humans have even adapted to life at night, sleeping part of the day away and then working some more at night; however, thanks to inventions like electricity and air conditioning and the standard work and school day, most westernized nations are up all day and sleep at night. This has perhaps made us more wary of what we might fear lurks in the dark since we are not so well adapted to seeing at night, especially when the moon is not out or lurking behind clouds. Some people even propose that the moon can change animal and human behavior based on phases, especially the full moon. Many folks report changes in their own behavior based on the phases of the moon! Many myths center on the moon and her appearance in the sky. Most of us are familiar with the connection between various werewolf and lycan myths and the full moon, but there are many more – fairies, vampires, ghosts and goblins. The fear of not being able to see what is there like we can in daylight hours can fuel any number of beliefs.
I was 19 when Joey was born. He was the first baby in our family in a long time, and he was instantly adored by everyone. Visiting him in the hospital, he was the biggest baby in the nursery, well over 10lbs, and swaddled up tight, looking like a six month old next to all these teeny tiny newborns. He was chubby and cute and had something special about him already, drawing the attention of every visitor looking in the nursery window.
Ok, now for the big news....
I read Lucy's blog and she mentioned the book and the 100 readers project so I emailed her!!
* Bake for 20 minutes. Take the parchment paper and the beans/rice off, then continue to bake for another 5-10 minutes until it's golden brown.
はち：で、第二章は愛のイルージョン。
Thanks so much for all you do!
Unfortunately for both Zuana and the rest of her sisters, Serafina is not willing. She tells Zuana that she intends to get out of their as soon as she is able. She also determines to rebel as much as she can. When she finds out that their chief interest in her is her singing voice, she vows not to sing a note.
I never met Mr. Corwin, but a few years ago I was present during a live telephone interview session back in 2007 at a local bookstore. Chicago radio personality Steve Darnell was doing a special talk on the history of old time radio and was promoting Those Were the Days. He was able to get Mr. Corwin on the speaker phone (he was at his home in California) for a few minutes, and it was cool to hear him talk about his career.
This label is truly a labor of love. The zippers are RiRi, the cashmere is Loro Piana, and the wool... well... let's talk about the wool, shall we? Luxurious mohair and boiled wool previously next to impossible to find in the United States. But since everything is made in the US, it's been a such pleasure to contribute to the demand for more quality fabrics.
Well, my artsy-fartsy side of me comes out from time to time and this time I was inspired by my dad's approaching birthday! I have done just about everything for gifts for him--pictures, sentimental, gift cards, red sox paraphernalia....you name it, I've exhausted it! So I wanted to do something different this year (let's just hope it is good different). Here's what I came up with:
Admirable Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony 3
The spiritually Perfected Ones thus contended in Sloka 4 the following contention:
I'm having a little trouble with Blogger right now and have lost some comments. I get notifications of comments through my Android and sometimes I have difficulty with the touchscreen when I try to approve a comment. Jo, I accidentally deleted your last comment so I must apologize to you. From now on I will just wait until I am online to approve the comments. The screen on my phone is just so small that I can't always get the right link. I'm really sorry about that. Anyway, my mother was a stay at home mom and I would rush home from elementary school every day to see Dark Shadows. I don't remember it well. Not details so watching it again makes it seem all new. We are up to the part where Barnabas Collins has called Maggie Evans to the old house
And I was writing in my sleep again . . .
“One new mom admitted to feeling bored at home all day, since she was used to being surrounded by activity and other adults at her former job. Another described rushing out to the grocery store as soon as her husband got home, just to have an outing and some time to herself. Do not feel ashamed or guilty if you’ve had the same feelings.” — excerpt from Positive Discipline: The First Three Years, by Jane Nelson, Ed.D., Cheryl Erwin, M.A., and Roslyn Duffy.
All right, so I'm supposed to tag people for both of these and make up 11 new questions for the last one. I'm gonna kind of cheat and say that anyone who wants to play along can. Consider yourself officially tagged.
There's a lot of blue in the chaparral at the moment. Still dominant are the white mounding ceonothus bushes that cover the hillsides, but every day as the warm winds disperse the petals the snowy white drifts appear to be melting away. Here and there are the California lilacs, blue ceonothus. There's the occasional blue dick, lots of Solanum, blue eyed grass, rarely, Verbena lasiostachys and the blue blossoms of black sage (don't ask).
“With that many single work circles they really are more suited to having their own events.”
On a positive note…Well, at least I know the specifics of what I need to be working on …I should consider making these images my screen savers
David Crowder Band has a new CD out called Remedy. I don’t think there are finer musicians on the planet right now than David Crowder Band so when they release a CD I listen carefully to their lyrics. Crowder sings on this CD that the world is a difficult place to live in just now. Crowder says that we, you and me, should be the Remedy to this broken world. He sings on the last song Surely We Can Change:
When I was a little girl, my maternal grandmother made this dish frequently. She was quite known for it. As she grew older, cooking became more difficult, and she hadn't made drunken chicken in years by the time she passed away. I was too young to ask her how she did it when she was making it, and I wasn't interested in cooking until after she was gone. Huge failure on my part. It's just one of the things I miss about her.
Hindi ko po alam kung bakit. Pasensya na.
Probably my most common emotion is frustration. I am an incredibly ambitious person. Which is why I have a hard time functioning every day. When I know I carry a message that is true — not just scientifically supported or emotionally charged, but really true — I’ll run the teeth off the gears in my head trying to think up how to make my voice loud enough to make the problems go away. Could I ever give enough time or money or effort to make the problem go away? Could I ever convince enough people to give up enough of their time or money or effort to do the same?
It is best to plan for visiting this national park in between the months from November to April. The best way to explore the park is by Jeep or by Car or by an Elephant. It depends on your choice and temperament. Usually adventurous people and wild life lovers go for Elephant ride in order to explore the park.
The concept of small, lightweight "assault" packs, in the form of one-day or three-day packs, are not new to light-infantry forces. From the haversacks of pre-industrial armies that lived largely off of pack trains, to the ALICE LCE buttpack (as previously mentioned, as dismal failure of a concept, if you ever have to hump a real ruck as well), the concept has a great deal of historical precedent. Unfortunately, for the future resistance guerrilla light-infantryman, outside of urban enclave-based elements, it's a largely over-rated concept for carriage of the sustainment load.
The cartoonist, Mahmoud Shokraye, depicted Ashtiani in a football stadium, dressed as a footballer, with a congratulatory letter in one hand and his foot resting on the ball.
(f) often has difficulty organizing tasks and activities (e.g., "Honey, we can heavy pet right after I finish this entry," and/or "The twins know how to use the deep fryer just fine on their own. Just one more minute!")
A thought occurred to me today while telling a story to the guys at work. I've lived but three places in my adult life. And despite the fact I consider myself an okay guy, a sociable sort of fellow who is easy to get along, in every single place I've ever lived one of my neighbors has hated me.
2. Have a Go
Meanwhile, this past week was a busy one. We started back into our school routine, returned to our regular sports and music activities, started a new one (DD added in Irish dance lessons which she loved, loved, loved!) and did some make-up gymnastics classes from when we were out of town. It was busy, busy! I'll be writing up a couple of school-related posts in the next day or so.
Roll down till you come to the "V" of the petals.
Not only do we practice self-hate, but there seems to be a rampant growth of mis-trust among females. I am astounded by how often I hear women brag about only having male friends, of not trusting other women. How sad is that? Not to have a female friend to spend time with, to talk to......don't kid yourself......men are wonderful.....but none of them will ever understand, bloat, chocolate, shoes or hot flashes!
As the 40th anniversary of Watergate impends, we are to be bathed again in the great myth and morality play about the finest hour in all of American journalism.
-Big Judgment in an Era of Big Data
The formula is a bit thin and you definitely need three coats for full coverage.
Understand that a person can only change if they want to. You can’t force your partner to alter their behavior if they don’t believe they’re wrong.
bb notes:
On a steep hill coffee bags can be filled with soil and staked into the hillside while being planted with perennials and groundcovers. This is an excellent, quick and low cost solution. When the bags biodegrades the planted terrace has been established. Bags can also be filled with straw and staked in to keep mulch contained on a hillside or in a water management design.
Onto other news. Yesterday my school's Doctor of Physical Therapy program had the White Coat Ceremony where the newbies, like me, get our super sweet white coats. The ceremony is supposed to symbolize our transition into the physical therapy profession now and not just when we graduate. So I have a cool new white coat!
Now let's talk about Bob. Bob wasn't married, and so he didn't worry too much about how much money he was making because he didn't have a family to support. He didn't have many expenses. He just earned a small pay and lived quite comfortably himself, until he married when he was quite a bit older. As soon as he married, he began earning more and doing better for himself. But had he worked hard and demanded fair pay when he was 22, he would be in a much better financial situation today.
Shamen LSI (Love, Sex, Intelligence) UK
Because with tatting --- it is add-as-you-go, so the project can remain small, or it can be built upon to become a gorgeously, huge piece of work just by how many pieces are tatted to the previous piece.
The effort, now known as InterOccupy, started out of Occupy Wall Street in New York in mid-October. It has since grown into an elaborate website with multiple weekly phone calls during which occupiers trade ideas, coordinate multistate actions, and plan for the future. Participants at about 150 occupations around the country (and a few internationally) have now participated in the calls, organizers tell me.
Quotes of the Podcast: “It was the worst thing I’ve had the pleasure of watching, no wrong word, the misfortune to put myself through since the last time I watched The Vampire Diaries. So I guess judging it on that scale….it was just another Thursday. But judging it on a separate scale, it was particularly worse than usual.”-Olu
There is absolutely nothing you can do to make God love you less. Can your actions be displeasing to him? Of course, but he still loves you. In fact he loves you enough that he sent his Son to die for you. If price determines value, then you and I are irreplaceable. Now wait a second you might say, “If God loves me so much, why do bad things happen to me?”
Stir that all up then add your lentils, chopped canned tomatoes, water/stock/wine and mix together.
1 notations
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin and a list of all posts see the 'Introduction' post -
Thanks Beth for agreeing to do the interview!
The outfit: Shirt, really for the first time can't remember where I bought it. Or my father bought it for me, like seven years ago. Jeanzzhorts, which I call minnyshorts cause they're so cute, H&M kids. Shoes Dinsko. This isn't really today's outfit, it's actually what I'll be wearing tomorrow. But maybe with uggs. Dunno yet.
Enjoy the blog.
If we are really serious about following God, then we need to be really serious about spending the time to listen to God so we will recognize God’s voice when it comes in the quiet of our hearts.
♥She is mysterious. And I think the juxtaposition of her with her swans is very interesting. In the moonlight, they are "black" swans....sorta like her. I think you might define the swans right where the body is touching the water with a very tiny tiny hint of a white (irregular) line. In other words, separate them from their shadow. It is like a little reflected light at their edge.
You ever find it funny how certain things make you smile even in the midst of hard times. Two of those things for me are (no laughing) the smell of dryer vents when someone is doing laundry, and Dave Matthews songs. I stumbled on both today.
Zoya Kate is a pinkish grapefruit inspired by The Small Things. Gorgeous!! Again, this is four generous coats. This color screams: "Summer!!" I love this fruity shade of pink. :)
Tues 15th
I braked like crazy but it wasn't enough cos then there was an almighty bang and the front of my car was crumpled, like it was made of paper. I sat stunned for all of 10 seconds, then asked Derek if he was all right and got out of the car.
Marriage is work. Relationships are work. Hard work. If you want one to last you have to invest the time and effort to make it last. You have to pour into it every ounce of your being. You have to not run out of the house with a packed suitcase when he leaves his shirt on the floor next to the bed for the millionth time even though you've asked him nicely each time to throw it in the hamper. (Not that I'm speaking from experience there ;) )
"The timing of the pedestrian signal meets the required standards," Mr. Aitchison said. "The amount of time is tailored to the specific intersection."
Ferguson will also find out next week if Paul Pogba has decided to stay at United or join Juventus, according to Mino Raiola, the midfielder’s agent.
Keep the fire low at all times and breaks lumps if formed while adding the sugar and water/ milk mix.
7. let out a good cry nearly once a day. ok, so maybe that’s more me than her…
Prabhupada: “Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura, he said that “When our men will be sahajiya, oh, they’ll be more dangerous.” So our men are becoming, some of them, sahajiyas. This very word he said, that “When our men will be sahajiyas he’ll be more dangerous.”
The super high-gloss paint is subtle, but I love how it shines on the cabinets! I couldn't put regular ol' pulls in a room like this, so these bright ceramic knobs are perfect for the Colonial Mexican style.
It only make sense for RVers to consider the size of the dog that will share their traveling home. A pet, its bed, food and water bowls, leash, scooper, toys, grooming equipment, food and other paraphernalia is going to take up a certain amount of precious space.
There is nothing my holiness cannot do.
“Names, locations, and Darky’s location.”
Viaggiatore and I have used it several times to learn and remember the geography in this area of the world.
We discovered adorable postcard shops in Les Halles and picked up a few souvenirs. We roamed aimlessly at night, along streets illuminated by the soft glow of lampposts, and past the Seine disturbed only by quiet ripples.
Richard Dansky was thinking hard about something. More than that, he stood on his porch not to witness the peaceful country morning, but to listen to it. It was not simply the familiar sounds of the country morning that he took in, but something hidden behind it, something that was carried on the air like an echo from a cave only he knew existed.
Bluff/Pipeline: Later in the hike, I was surprised to find that I was walking along the edge of a wetland area with a tall bluff to my left that paralleled the path for 100 feet or more. The bluff and wetlands together seemed a perfect example of an ecotone—a transitional area between two different ecological communities. (These transitional zone are often very productive for wildlife.) Immediately after, the trail took an abrupt right across the wetlands on a wooden walkway. Directly next to the walkway, there is an elevated pipeline, creating a novel stretch of trail through the thick brush. At this point you are only about a tenth of a mile from the junction of the Palmetto Trail with the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway. (Approximately a 35-minute walk from the parking lot on Old Battleground Road.)
What is PLR?
First thing is first, do not preach Jesus at them(Yes Jesus is great, but the difference in telling someone their worth and actually showing it to them is huge. In your actions Jesus will be revealed) ! And do not just tell them to not feel that way! The easiest way to prevent (most) depression starts from the very beginning. Treat all people with respect, give people thanks, let others know you care for them, doing all the little things can prevent the feeling of worthlessness, giving a random stranger a smile, helping others out, following the golden rule “so in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you(Matthew 7:12),” kindness, patience, love, and etc.
What ..... no rain today?! I think it's a trick to make me do the washing and hang it out before the big down-pour lol. Well, the washing is out so we just have to wait and see, it has gone rather dark :).
2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino cheese
~Richard Price
But stupid cats aren't the only animals drawn to catfood, SAP quickly discovers. Big, frightfully mean raccoons are, too.
-Jackson (7months) has already tried quite a few bits of grown up foods. I know some moms are really strict about not introducing table food until a certain age, which I totally respect. I have given Jackson tiny mushed up bits of Ritz crackers, a tiny piece of the white middle part of an Oreo (which he loved), he has licked a sucker, and had some tiny mushed up pieces of a brownie. I think I worried more about following all the baby rules with my first two babies, thinking I might break them or something, but with Jackson I am much more relaxed. Of course he is very supervised while trying these things and we do not do any peanut products(in case of allergies) or honey(I can't remember why, but I remember people saying not to give babies honey before a certain age).
Money has become a problem lately. Not because I have none of it, but because if I don't start saving now, I will be absolutely screwed once I enter school in April. So I feel guilty spending any money at all. And I feel trapped.
Co-worker -
This has quickly become a favorite in our household. It's honestly better than going out to a restaurant.
The Louboutin glass slipper is being released in conjunction with Disney’s Diamond Edition of “Cinderella” this fall, a combo-pack which includes two Blu-Ray discs and a DVD with bonus features, celebrating the beloved classic animated feature, first released in 1950.
Rather than teaching adults and children to find their commonalities, they are promoting “social justice.” Let us define the difference between equal justice and social justice a bit. Equal justice is what we, as Americans, and especially our founding fathers, hoped to create in this country. Equal justice is portrayed in our society by a blindfolded justice holding the scales. She is blindfolded as to not see your race, your religion, or your social status as a factor in applying the law.
“What’s up?”
2103.***E-I/28/2002. On the costs and benefits of the massive folly of legalized gambling. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-24.)
It is, “The Zombie Survival Guide” by Max Brooks. Tyler, my boyfriend, as well as my boss persuaded me to read that particular novel, so I gave in and checked it out. I’m still continuing my New Year’s Resolution on keeping track of how many books I read until my 20th birthday!
There is a remote side to your 3 Life Path, as well. This comes as a surprise to the native and to those who think they’re well acquainted. The 3 is actually a very sensitive soul. When hurt, you can easily retreat into a shell of morose silence for extended periods. Nonetheless, the 3 eventually copes with all of the many setbacks that occur in life and bounces back for more. It’s usually easy for you to deal with problems because you freely admit their existence without letting them get you down for too long. Because of your own sensitivity to hurt, you have a caring disposition and are usually conscious of other people’s feelings and emotions.
When his pillowcase was empty, Santa would stand up, wish everyone a very merry one, and dash out the door, disappearing back into the darkness of the backyard like a ballplayer in Field of Dreams.
2 cups whipping cream
But what a pallet! A thousand copies of 'Winter Sun and Summer Rain' - ten cracking original tracks, hot from replication in France. Tears, commitment and joy laser-burnt into plastic. Expertly mixed by the awesomely talented Nick Wilson at Dave Neal Studios (Dave Neal was Suzi Quatro's drummer).
The U.S. is not immune. According to Sennels, "One study based on 300,000 Americans shows that the majority of Muslims in the USA have a lower income, are less educated, and have worse jobs than the population as a whole."
Till next time...Happy Stitching!
As previously mentioned, our favourite authors play an important part in our development as writers, especially for those who are just starting out.
2. Luck Will Find You
I have gone on a fabric spree at the garment district in NYC
Magan Rodriguez
4:25 – Wolferton Handicap – Resurge (20/1) e/w
Americans are already following the British investigation to learn about the decision to invade Iraq — information that remains classified or unavailable in the United States (here).
- I liked how Meyer was on the field behind the offense for every play. It’s a great way of evaluating the team and it showed his passion.
It is our misfortune that the MSM, particularly the broadcast media, are the most powerful atomizer for such nebulous mists yet in history. Universities, and other brain-altering institutions that replaced church and grandpa, are also in that category. But they are not alone.
We are down to the final two weeks after the elimination round tonight.
...back to that night. I still can't believe this all went down in a bar. While my stubbornness was chugging away full steam ahead something somewhere jump started Jack's assertiveness. He didn't argue or plead he just grasped my arm again and pulled me to my feet. He didn't hurt me but I sure didn't have any choice in the matter.
she was and will forever be my first baby.
Happy Invincible Summer release day! I hope it's as spectacular for you as a Tuesday can be.
So if you would like to win this souvenir, all you need do is leave a comment on this post. If you put the button on your sidebar, or mention it on your blog/twitter/facebook, then let me know and I'll enter you a second time. I am prepared to send to anywhere on the globe and will leave the giveaway open until midnight GMT on Saturday 12th May. A winner will be announced on the Monday. Good luck!
After a few year's hiatus, the trio returned with a brand new name. Their ongoing game of label hopscotch continued as they found themselves back on Time Coast, but now rechristened as The Zarkons despite no change in line up or sound. 1985's Riders In The Long Black Parade treads similar sonic waters as Nightmare City, although not as successfully. What sounded fresh in 1981 now seemed stale, and lukewarm production with vocals buried too deeply in the mix didn't help. The high point of the album, Chai doing her best Grace Slick imitation on a cover of "White Rabbit," was somewhat underwhelming; the remainder of the record is not bad - just unnecessary.
3- 2008 Jim
The four other arrested men came from Stoke-on-Trent in central England -- Nazam Hussain aged 25, 19-year old Usman Khan, 26-year old Mohibur Rahman and Abul Bosher Mohammed Shahjahan, also aged 26.
Saturday morning was rainy, so we nixed our run. Did I mention I slept until 9 am? Uninterrupted? Sweet. We met Diane for brunch at a place called Frankies. I guess brunch is huge for New Yorkers.
Mbeki attended primary school in Idutywa and Butterworth and acquired a high school education at Lovedale, Alice. In 1959, he was expelled from school as a result of student strikes and forced to continue studies at home. In the same year, he sat for matriculation examinations at St. John's High School, Umtata.
The pat is commonly used for social hugging, and it can also indicate that a hugger is uncomfortable and wants to let go.
So what if I like the color purple? I’m a bit strange your point is?
So, last week, 7 of my co-workers and I volunteered at a homeless shelter. Why, you ask, would a 8 1/2 month preggo volunteer to organize a volunteer event where we would be feeding the homeless? Good question!! Not sure what I was thinking but it was so fun and rewarding! AND exhausting!!! My body ached for days. Luckily my friends asked the coordinator to make sure I had a seated job while there, but that didn't stop me from sweeping floors, mopping floors, chopping vegetables, manning the food processor.. I just don't know how to stop!! Like I said, it was super fun and we are hoping to organize more of these types of events for our departments to do as a group. My company gives everyone 8 hours of philanthropic time a year so there is no reason to not do it! I'll leave you with some pics of the event!
James has grafted a plot of Chenin Blanc, with Grűner Veltliner. This was a revelation. The cuttings came from a friend in Austria, Marcus Huber in Traisendal near Krems. He has blended it with 20% Chardonnay and the results of very intriguing. There is a herbal note and a definite hint of Grűner Veltliner, with some nice weight and texture and a certain pithy fruit.
Guido is the lead character – the director who’s going through a mid-life crisis and has lost his inspiration to write, and drained all his muses of their energy – the women he surrounds himself with.
OJFNO Blog (ojfnoblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Red Cord Dress which can be worn as a skirt - H & M
Dion got a few of his friends together from the Belmont Avenue area and formed The Belmonts. The first hit for Dion And The Belmonts was I Wonder Why in 1958. They went on to make many hit records through the late 1950's and early 1960's.
The Chaps had been there earlier and of course were disappointed to see the opening times.
Excerpt: “What do you think the Afghan people call the violence that we impose on them? How can we as Americans be so callous, so blinded by our own misplaced righteousness, that we can’t see that we are guilty of the very thing that we claim to be fighting?”
Tag Heuer Watches Can Be the Best Fashion Accessory to Enhance Your Looks!
The attacks, the group's first outside Somali territory, were seen by analysts as an indicator of its international ambitions.
In part, this will have been a hangover from Monday with the players mentally aware of the price paid for being hit on the counter-attack. The gap between the back four and midfield triumverate was minimal. This was compounded by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s reduced effectiveness when forced into the more central midfield role; searing pace is something which is hard to exploit in a crowded area of the pitch. More penatrative in the latter stages when on the flanks, the youngster will get more opportunities with the season-ending injury to Theo Walcott.
Look for the Good:
the point, common sense breaks down at the quantum level, things are
Obama probably just wants ass coverage, being the steely-eyed American hero that he is.
First, trace the round lid onto the felt. I drew very lightly with chalk to see where to cut. I would suggest not using a pen or marker because it will bleed onto the felt and show up on the finished product.
9. Mami and Papi can’t possibly be the nickname of every person in your family
Before my heart attack, I used to drop a quarter in the Styrofoam cup held before me by one asking for alms as I turn the street corner. I used to hand out a dollar to a man or a woman by the stoplight holding a cardboard sign “anything helps.”
Happily, all this is set to change. If successful, it will be a great transformation for the Royal Malaysian Police and a great legacy for our IGP.
Hi guys. As some of you might know, I was born and raised in Romania. Now, my country has a rich folklore when it comes to things that can go bump in the night. But I chose to write about witches, as opposed to vampires, faeries, strigoi, and so on. So why witches? Well, for starters, I wanted to write about someone alive. Someone whom I could put in the middle of an ordinary setting. Give her a life, a family, friends. Make her likable. (So I would've struggled to write a vampire that could fit this particular bill). On the other hand, in Romania, witches are quite notorious characters. People fear them. People seek their services. Counsel. Advice (and yes, they pay for it). Witches walk in both worlds - they're human, but they have extraordinary powers. They can bring on or get rid of sickness. They can make or break a couple. They can tell fortunes. And they can cast the most horrific curses that live on for generations. Personally, I never met one of these illustrious women (because they're always women), but I grew up listening to these stories and, of course, I was always fascinated. A witch was like Wonder Woman-meets The Halliwell sisters-meets Milla Jovovich in Resident Evil. Amazingly powerful. Cunning. Unstoppable. So, as a little girl (a very dorky little girl), I spent my fair share of time thinking about witches.
Can all five readers be right? I think it's impossible for any of them to be wrong, as it happens. When a reader gives you their response to something, you have to accept it - they can't be wrong about their response. But what the example shows is that you can't please all of the people all of the time. I am in the process of going through the book again looking for obnoxiously long passages of dialogue and blank rooms, but I'm not looking very hard - I've more than satisfied 80% of my readers so far (statistics are fun, aren't they?), so it can't be that bad.
Unlike Australia, where the “many pathways to uni” slogan is publicised and accepted, in south Asian countries, getting into the top university is “like religion,” Dr. Jawahar Surisetti, an Indian education expert and psychologist, tells Merinews. “It is ingrained in the students’ mind that this is the final destination – nothing more, nothing less.”
What’s the point of making so much “promises” at the start of a new age if nothing can be done? That’s why — I will make sure that all these promises hold firm.
Let me explain, and keep in mind this is coming only from my own perspective. The male body in itself means nothing to us because a body is just a body; women don't get turned unless there's an emotional attachment. Even when I was single, I never had any desire to see the Chippendale's or Thunder Down Under. Why would I be fawning over someone I didn't even know? Besides that, too-perfect male bodies are intimidating to us; we're not secure enough about our own bodies to be with, or even appreciate from afar, a guy's body that's too sculpted. Not to mention, we also presume there's underlying ego issues beneath all those muscles and all that time in the gym that we simply don't want to deal with. Real men have meat--and fat--on their bones!
In the meantime, I am to introduce a lovey to take my place as cuddle-object, and some cue-music. If I keep the lovey with us whenever he is nursed to sleep, it will smell like me and he will associate it with being nursed to sleep. If I play the same music every time as he is falling asleep, he will associate that with nursing to sleep. The goal is to get to the point where the presence of the lovey and the sound of the music kick-off the sleeping process, while I slowly reduce the amount of nursing he gets before sleep until eventually he falls asleep at the sound of the music/presence of the lovey.
Guess what folks? It’s another Saturday! And we all know what that means… Grace! In! Small! Things! *Cue applause*
He recovered quickly though, and in an equally loud voice replied: "No, I've come to inquire about a sex change operation... and I'd like the same doctor that did yours!"
All this presumes that the magic we’re discussing is theurgy, the kind of magic the Neoplatonists practiced as a preparation for the philosophic life and that modern operative mages practice for their own not dissimilar ends. There is also thaumaturgy, the manipulation of the nonrational that doesn’t attempt to free the reasoning mind from entanglement in the social and biological selves, but simply seeks power over the self and others by way of that entanglement. There’s a long history of operative mages and others who realize that theurgy is only an option for the individual, and attempt to perform thaumaturgy on their society as a whole instead. We’ll discuss that next week.
"Telling our kids" is one thing, but "living by example" is another, and in my mind, a more powerful way of getting an important message through to them.
HAPPY WRITING.
Most agree that taxes should be both fair and equal. If a locality decides that some people deserve inequitable tax treatment, oversight is a good idea. While removing or reducing taxes based on age or ability is a noble thing, it must be balanced with fact that you are simply shifting the tax burden to others."
The hollowness that Eliot identified in his contemporaries was an inner aridity arising out of a refusal to assert one’s freedom in any moral sense, in any spiritual sense. There are too many such scarecrows in today’s world too. As already implied, they wear quite different costumes.
Valet, i think its only $3 and bring whomever you want.
Is the consolidation of big brewers going to reduce itself to absurdity? Speculation continues to strengthen that Anheuser-Busch InBev is going to make a bid for SABMiller. Leaving anti-monopoly issues out of it for the moment -- since, well, really: does anyone actually think the U.S. government is going to do anything about one company controlling 2/3+ of the beer market? Of course not; return to work, cogs -- let's think about this.
heart race you know that you are alive. When you experience a piece that makes you question your own views of the world, that challenges your ideas of beauty, of politics, philosophy you are existing at the highest levels of human consciousness. You are taking full part in the human experiment. You don’t have to “know” art to love it but if you do your awareness and knowledge will feed your desire to learn and your
We are starting things off with 25% off your Entire Purchase. This discount is only good until 8 a.m. July 6 so one day! This gives you the opportunity to get a huge discount on items that we may not put on sale.
shameless shana
Let’s rock
In the business world, networking is very important. So when you do go out for functions, bring your business card along. You never know who you are going to meet and who may be able to give you the breath that you need. In addition to that, don’t burn bridges. After you leave your old job, your ex-colleague may be an important asset in setting up your new venture.
- Registration fees
Few minutes later
My wonderful friend Tristi Pinkston teamed up with authors Brett Kitchen and Ethan Kap and wrote this neat little financial book for women.
Describe a normal "writing" workday.
Patel said the document also called for a broad pact between business, labour and government.
This one is about two things...
Of course we had to try the bone marrow and parsley salad (£7.20). The marrow was fatty, rich and tasty and great on bread (no butter required!). The parsley salad didn't really appeal (I hate parsley with a passion and I can barely stomach the smell of it, never mind the taste or texture) but it worked well with the bone marrow and although some people claim it's the parsley that helps the marrow work, for me it was the marrow that made the parsley worked. Either way it was delicious and I can clearly see why this is the restaurant's signature starter dish.
Monica: “I want to get involved in my community, because I think our community affects us just as much as we affect it.”
So, earlier this week, an argument blossomed between the education staff. To be honest, it was me against them. They argued that the bird was a female. I argued male. Their argument was supported by size. My argument was supported by the fact that the bird had made "nest scrapes" in the corners of its enclosure, a job typically reserved for the males. I was pretty sure I was right. I am sure you can see where this might be heading.
They all have a distinctive tends to be plus a different type provided beauty.
It airs Sundays at 8 PM on the Discovery Chanel and is a seven-part documentary. Better get going because it’s starting soon.
The death toll in a flash flood in Nepal’s central Annapurna region could be as high as 60, according to rescuers scouring the area for survivors.
Contestants, put your hands on the buzzers! (Or, you know… close down your Google Tab. No cheating, now!)
Which puts me in a great spot to close this out. While at BevMo last Monday looking for bottles of Cinder Cone that do not exist, I settled for a six pack of Rogue's seasonal Santa’s Private Reserve and you know what? It reminded me somewhat of my beloved Cinder Cone Red. Wishful thinking? Hallucination? Perhaps, but I sure didn’t imagine all those nice people who responded to my frantic emails seeking out Cinder Cone in Arizona. My quixotic search came to nothing, but the search was half the fun. I’m going to miss Cinder Cone a lot but I’ve gained a new appreciation for seasonals. Enjoy ‘em while they last and know that you may not see them next year!
I've been up to a little bit of everything today so far... such as mulching my front garden, which I expanded a little bit this year to add a hydrangea and some annuals. I even cleared it with my HOA, which is a first for me (I'm such a rule-breaker!)
I think we're going to try chickens again this year. We're going to use our old tramp frame (the tramp itself melted in the fire) to make a chicken tractor. Last year we had a horrible grasshopper infestation - I mean, they were eating everything in site. We finally put poison down but it didnt' kill them off and you know they laid eggs. Chickens to the rescue. Have I mentioned my dislike of chickens? They are fine in theory but up close and personal- not so much imho. I am so not an animal person.
A very friendly and helpful woman served us. They didn’t have the part in stock but she ordered it and it will be there next Wednesday. Which also prompts us to say we can’t understand why the french have this reputation for being unfriendly and/ or unhelpful. Our experience has been that they are very helpful and friendly if approached in a polite and civil manner. They have quite a reserved character and good manners and a certain formality are still the norm so they don’t take kindly to you being too familiar or treating them with any disrespect.
4 In Praise of Slogging (haiku expressing frustration about slacker students through an apple blossom metaphor)
Kitty, I’ve really enjoyed your questions, and thank you for having me!
The historical accuracy of the Bible was put to the test several years ago when Canadian film producer Simcha Jacobovici did a documentary called the The Quest for the Lost Tribes of Israel. In 720 B.C. The Jewish kingdom of Israel, Which consisted of ten tribes, was wiped out by the Assyrians and the people scattered among the nations of the Assyrian Empire where they just vanished into history.
I have been under the weather the last 2 weeks with pneumonia and am just now getting back into doing any crafting. I will be adding some cards in the next few days that I've done for our Club Scrap PSL challenge
My mother and I have dramatically different music tastes. When I was a young girl, I’d listen to her record collection from the 60s and 70s while she bought the latest Top 40 CDs. As she bounced around the house singing songs from Will Smith's "Gettin' Jiggy With It" or Right Said Fred's "I Have No Idea What the Album is Called Nor Do I Care—two albums she still proudly listens to—I was mimicking David Byrne's dance moves in front of the TV while watching the newly discovered 15th anniversary release of Talking Heads' "Stop Making Sense."...
I could carry on telling you about the people that have turn their back on me, about despicable doctors who wouldn’t even listen to me just because I don’t look sick.
4) The action sequences were tight.
Again, this will help with
A while back I did a post about how I got on The Rich List. Now, I guess I’ll talk about what happened when I was on the show.
That was my day, today. Pretty much all day, actually. One thing after another.
While the back and forth dialogue and babying by Addisyn’s guardians irked me in the beginning, the rest of the story really took off.
Now, I'm not about to guesstimate what they did to those nuggets... but ever sine they changed them Brendan cannot eat them without getting sick.
Leave a comment let me know where you find yours.
And those of you who know me well know that I LOVE OTP and home decor projects so here are a few :)
Adapted Recipe of Alison’s Wheat Free Brownies
- $1 coupon from 4/15 Redplum
When we got back, while Erik worked on the water pipe, I took Loki over to the field and let her run. The sky was looking pretty nasty and the wind was really picking up. I was actually starting to keep an eye out for funnel clouds. It rained a little, but nothing serious. It's supposed to storm tonight...hail and everything, but we're going to enjoy today as much as possible before that starts up.
What’s your go-to piece for an OoLaLa pick-me-up? Come tell us! Write about your fashion fun in the comments here, post a photo of a fav look on our Facebook page or send @GoodwillNyNj a tweet. GoodwillNyNj & I love seeing your style, so keep us posted!
Did you know that your oral health can offer clues about your overall health? Or that problems in your mouth can affect the rest of your body? Understand the intimate connection between oral health and overall health and what you can do to protect yourself.
It's interesting, too, that he points out the often suburban concerns of the 'great' male American novel, since the general perception is that 'suburban' is one of the sub-characteristics for which women's literature is deemed generally lesser.
But if the first of the live shows was any indication of what’s to come throughout the rest of the series, then this programme is well and truly back on course.
I am also anxiously waiting for my lily of the valley to bloom! :)
Fri 11/14 Grand Rapids, MI The Orbit Room
the challenge world and with that comes announcements
Kids with this syndrome react with neurologic symptoms - e.g. tics, obsessive/compulsive behavior, hyperactive/impulsive behavior changes, mood lability - to the presence of elevated strep titers, or the antibodies created after an exposure to strep. These kids are misdiagnosed all the time as ADHD, or Tourette's, or Asperger's. (If you Google it, look up "PANDAS" and "strep," because if you leave out the "strep" part, all you get is stuff about...um, pandas. Ask me how I know.)
But when I did refrain from visiting a sick person, fearing infection, I was gently reprimanded for not showing my solidarity to a fellow human being!
“Although he was a Son, he learned obedience through what he suffered; and having been made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation for all who obey him.” (Heb 5:8-9)
Deep within the heartache
In 1844, a lower Manhattan dry goods merchant John Haggerty Austen purchased the old Dutch house, dilapidated but still desirable due to its view of a harbor clogged with ships. Austen greatly expanded the property into a Gothic revival summer cottage worthy of an old European fairytale. Soon, several members of the Austen clan lived here year-round. And in 1866 they were joined by Austen's unmarried daughter and her small infant Alice.
After a nice day in the yard I headed out to a FunRaiser for a breast cancer organization called Team Towanda. I was participating in the health fair prior to the party honoring and celebrating amazing women. It was a great event with food and dancing all night long. I was blessed to have both my sister Kelly and a friend Grace attend the party as my dates.
Hiring a France Schengen visa agent will be a wise decision for a person who knows nothing about visa filing and even don’t have time to invest in the process.
“It’s a great opportunity for him to talk to young people, to students, about how this is really a debate about the economy and jobs and the need to stabilize the foundation of the economy and creating jobs and lessening the economic anxiety out there, felt by students.” — White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Thursday aboutr President Obama’s Town Hall at the University of Maryland
BILDER-BUST
· Richard Bishop, partner, Red Light Management Electronic Division
He now rolls over both ways. He mastered those skills over the course of two days. He's getting close to sitting up. He's pretty good at it right now, except for that impulse to throw himself backward. We thought he was teething the other day, but he may have just had a summer cold.
Robert Mugabe - President of Zimbabwe, attended 1949–1951,
It's deeply ingrained, this schooling paradigm. When even those who were damaged by school will take up its banner, it's not hard to understand how the system is able to perpetuate itself in spite of its well-documented shortcomings. It's a kind of Stockholm Syndrome, where the captives come to identify with their captors. Or domestic abuse, where the victim defends the abuser. Or maybe it's more like that old Ferengi line, "We don't want to end the exploitation, we want to become the exploiters."
**Not very often do we feel compelled to preface a post, well today is a bit different. Our opinion today is wide-ranging and all over the place (for a reason) it’s up to you dear peep reading in your jammies on this fine morning to decide where you want to take this discussion today. So without further ado we present you this monstrosity!**
Mani Ratnam told me that Bombay was going to be about the riots and that we would see a lot of the riots. So we needed to make what came before the riots as beautiful as possible. I suggested that we shoot in the rains and he said, okay.
Some of my recently created kits are now available at Digitals and are on sale for 40% of through August 31, along with the rest of my store. Here’s what is now loaded into the store:
Anya's Ghost - Vera Brosgol (graphic novel, the ghost is not who you expect, very good)
I made this card for my hubby for V-Day.
The piéce de résistance of my search for early eighties authenticity was dragging the tirelessly good-humoured Belgian Waffling down to the beach in a howling gale so we could enact the time-honoured British Tea Ceremony, Holiday Edition. I think we managed one cup each from the outsize thermos and a scone, crunchy with wind-whipped sand, before the charm wore off, but it evoked the requisite nostalgie de la boue. The only way we could possibly have trumped the experience would have been to drink the tea in the car whilst watching the sea and the lashing rain. But I think you have to be in Filey for it to work properly. I spent several summers as a child on the North East coast, and apparently I used to go swimming quite happily - God knows how I avoided hypothermia.
This week, we sit down to discuss her newest book, "Room for Children" which showcases, of course, the interior design of children's rooms. If you have a book, grab it and following along as we discuss the images, great tips and a general approach to the one room in the house where it's ok to play.
I make cards as I did scrapbooking, my image is my main point. Right now I'm just using my Copics. I did try watercoloring it is something I'd like to try again.
So I am thinking that is my first step. I am going to start blogging again. Maybe not even about S. Maybe just about me, and my day. And maybe it will be boring and maybe that will be ok. But I have to start somewhere, so here I am.
Dr. Lin seems to currently hold a position at Clinical Immunological Center, and Division of Pediatric Nephrology, China Medical University Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan, ROC. He is still working on IL-17 (here).
There’s one area in the discussion of sea-level rise where there’s a growing consensus: a growing number of critics sat that the U.S. needs to rethink the policies – like subsidized Federal flood insurance – that they say encourage people to build in areas that will keep flooding over and over again. (The private insurance industry got out of writing flood policies in risky areas many years ago, and now the Federal government is currently the biggest backstop for losses in flood-prone areas.)
The theme for the weekend is "Remembering Our History" and Carolyn Mazloomi, a noted quilt maker and historian, will be the quest speaker. Since this is the 15th Anniversary for Storytellers, this years challenge is to create a 12.5" block that depicts an event from African American History over the last 15 years. The block must contain white or white on white fabric, no more than 2 other colors and use crystals (the symbol for 15th Anniversaries) as an embellishment. Now for those of you who know me, I don't do challenges. Why.... I am a very literal person, so I have a hard time thinking out of the box and creating a piece that conveys the theme. See, to me 'theme' doesn't equal pattern or technique. Tell me to design a mariners compass quilt or to do something with applique or paper piecing and I am in. But a theme, my brain doesn't work that way. At least not until now....
Well so much for me keeping up with my regular posting like I promised!! Shortly after my last post I came down with a terrible viral infection and proceeded to pass it onto my girls - all 3 of them, so it's been a horrible few weeks in my house.
Gardener also twice ran in and won the 60m – an event in which he is the reigning world and European champion – recording times of 6.65sec and 6.63. Pickering posted a 60m personal best of 6.74 in the first race to finish ahead of Harry Aikines-Aryeetey, the 100m and 200m world youth champion. The tables were turned in the second race where Aikines-Aryeetey set a new personal best of 6.73 to finish second to Gardener with Pickering third in 6.77.
If you have any final postings you really think should be included, I am happy to add them. My e-mail address is on the top right of the page. Thank you for visiting, and please comment to let me know what you think of the selection. Thank you!
No, to the contrary.
Comi is short for communist. His real name is Jessup Davis, Jr.. He’s a few years older than Julian, and he’s opposed to this country because like me, we don’t exactly like what’s going on in our America.
You may register in one of three ways:
Do rays of loftier glory round thee play ?
Can't you just imagine a bat or two swooping past this sunflower on a moonlight night? If you click on the image your imagination can run wild with the thoughts of a few spiderwebs dangling from the leaves... and the spiky jagged points on the petals and edges of the leaves could resemble the ragged hem of a ghoulish frock.
Yet the imbalance is apparent and populations must take notice daily and conserve water, especially where droughts are occurring more frequently. While the average American uses 100 gallons of water daily, French and German populations cut that consumption by half, while some tribal communities use fewer than 10 gallons. If you are one of the excessive consumers, below are a few conservation suggestions:
Moral: Dressage comes FIRST, not last!
May you feel forever blessed
I've got a lot of medical and spiritual tools in my bag that are traceable back to my monthly meeting DFM. He never asked me to be anywhere but in the moment and really examine what was happening as it was happening. For people like me who are depressive and living in the past or fearful or catapulting into the future, Momentarianism- the land of living presently with thought is the perfect to built a house of wellness.
No secret I love books, from the classics to the lighthearted. Have I mentioned we've had some plans drawn up to expand our library? More on that another day. Today is all about passing on a favorite holiday read to one of you to keep or maybe give as a gift!
Hannah is many things, above all of them, she is tenacious. Her "get what she wants" attitude often needs to be calmed and reasoned with. The Lord had laid on my heart to pray with the girls, but Hannah kept up her diatribe of begging to play with Emily. As long as it was this important to her, I conceded, and finally said to Hannah, "FINE, go ahead play with Emily. You have a few minutes before she gets to school."
It has a relatively simple format with photographs of each type of rocket or missile alternating with descriptions. It was a "train-spotting" sort of book (if I am using the term correctly), that allowed the child to see all the varieties of vehicles that were out there. This was a common format for getting a space book published. They would use aerospace press release photographs and text and show what was current. Like the airplane books of earlier years there was little discussion of the vehicles beyond dimensions and performance characteristics.
But I admit, for years it wasn’t that way. I saw instead what I suspect many people see – the Big Dipper rising. And I knew, sort of vaguely, that this asterism – one of the most familiar in the world – was a major portion of the constellation of the Great Bear, Ursa Major. But really, large as the Dipper is, it’s just the hind quarter of the Big Bear, which is really large, and when I finally took the time to trace out his head and ears and front and rear paws, he quickly became one of my favorite constellations – one of the rare ones like Orion and Scorpius that really look like what they depict. And funny – I can’t explain why, but I seldom see it as a bear except at this time of year when it is rising. Then it seems to dominate my northern sky and my imagination.
Depression is different. Depression may be a physical, mental, chemical, or genetic illness that causes emotional suffering that ranges from sadness to anguish to despair and can last for weeks, months or years and can intensify over time. It made me feel alone even when I was surrounded by family and friends. It felt like being in a deep, dark hole from which escape was hopeless and impossible. I felt like a failure (stupid, and insignificant) and was certain that, after the initial shock, people would move on once I was gone. I had lost both family and friends to death. I knew that there is a period of anger and grief but then there is acceptance and life goes on. At the time I thought it was ok to go because in my depressed reality, I was already gone. I felt so empty inside, like who I used to be didn't exist anymore. That made it ok to leave physically, because inside (mentally, emotionally and spiritually) I felt like I was already dead.
The first step is to take a look at my role in my life’s dynamics and make changes where necessary. I need to visit my choices, my relationships, my perspective on me.
humble cloth which enfolded treasure that puts to shame all gems and gold!’
Meyrink goes to throw the letter into the waste-paper basket when suddenly, an idea troubles him. He remembers that, in copying out his manuscript to send it to the magazine’s editor, he had modified a few details of his vision.
Something old dies to give birth to something new. However we may try to become a robot in the mechanical lifestyle we lead there are spaces in between that need to be filled. It is a gift one must accept with gratitude if we find just the right person to merge beautifully in those spaces.
I see sequences of numbers. Everywhere and daily.
What? A novel? A whole novel? That's a lot of words!
San Japan was pretty effing awesome!
1) Prepare and grease a 7 inch round pan. Preheat oven to 170 degrees.C.
2T soy sauce
Right inside
Gallery owners Michael Foley and Sasha Wolf are thrilled to announce the formation of The Exhibition Lab, a new study center for fine art photography.
Whichever zodiac sign is rising in the east becomes the “first house.” The next sign is the second house, and so forth. So, if you have Aries rising, then Aries is the first house. The next sign, Taurus is the second house. Gemini is the third house, etc. If Cancer, instead, is rising then Cancer is the first house, Leo the second, Virgo the third, and so on. This is how the “whole-sign house” system works. If you use this simple system with the accurate sidereal zodiac, it works.
Caleb Prior
2- 1x6 boards (for the support between the cubbies.)
The Enigma machine was – and continued to be for many years – a near-perfect encryption device. A detailed description of why it works so well is here. No one would ever have been able to decipher German signals if not for a number of events.
His basic premise is that the problem of identity is in some ways the defining characteristic of modernity. On the one hand a deeply personal inward search for self; on the other a self viewed from the outside “as merely the point of intersection of impoverished data”. Identity vs identification, with what Brooks calls The Identity Paradigm as crucially important throughout modern Culture.
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled
I started January off by making 2 quilts. An easy, easy pattern that has jumped to the top of my favorite quick quilt patterns.
It’s pretty tight, but Ronnie’s defending it well – and he’s out.
i think i could move there just for the garage sales!
I had so much fun planning for my best friend’s bachelorette party! I was able to make some wine glasses, shot glasses and some hangover kits for a fraction of the price that I would have paid if I had ordered them.
I'm sure I'll see plenty of this on holiday in Cornwall next month so I pass this time and proceed back through the town towards the South beach and tucked down Lower Frog Street I go into the 'Crown Inn'.
When the connection is down, NET doesn’t contact you. They don’t send you a text message. You can stay 2 or 3 days without any connection at all, sometimes even combined with no telephone line either!
The military is under-reporting the number of times that Afghan soldiers and police open fire on American and other foreign troops.
In a few days, my family is moving from a small town in northern Idaho to a much larger city in the western United States.
My mom is not Lebanese.
The last two weeks have been eye-opening. I've not only had to reach deep down to discover how my abuse changed the very motivations and needs that make up my life, but I've also had to imagine my family's motivations. I've had to step back from villianization, to imagining what experiences they had as children to make up their primal needs and goals. It's been like trying to open up everyone's hearts, without judgment, in order to create believable, fleshed-out characters. And although, I will never excuse what they've done to me or how badly they botched this situation (welcoming a child-molester into your family, a child-molester who abused your own child, is totally inexcusable) I'm starting to see what shaped them and, perhaps, even understand them even more.
Ram Dass demonstrated through his stroke experience what it means to truly walk one’s talk, for he managed to re-frame a frightening, painful and shocking event that would completely change his life and abilities forever, into what he would eventually refer to as “fierce grace” (which also became the title of a wonderful film about his ordeal.) The teaching he offered is that all circumstances — seemingly good or bad from our own perspective — can be seen, felt and even known as God’s grace, if one is but willing to hold them that way and learn from them rather than merely complain and be the unfortunate victim of a terrible turn of events in one’s life.
But of course who can resist the siren song of what might have been? And there ARE moments that have stayed with me over the years. For example, there was that guy I met during orientation, right at the start of my freshman year of college – the one who said he was writing a novel. I remember saying “cool, dude,” or something equally inane, but I also remember thinking “a novel? Really? Who does that? No way can this guy write a novel.”
3/8/12 – Fresno, CA @ Audie’s Olympic
7. Tiffany
1 x set Page Former Templates
When you’re old and grey Fernando
Some foods seem to be a family thing.
I realize I had it somewhat easy in this instance because she wasn’t my manager, and my manager had my back. My game plan of ‘working around her’ would not have worked if I had to report directly to her. My casual ‘send it over, I’ll have a look’ and then ‘sorry, I don’t have time’ wouldn’t fly. If she had been my manager, I most likely would have ended up doing all of her work for her, while she took all the glory and no one above her was none the wiser. In fact, I’m pretty sure that’s how she got to where she was.
Fine gifts~ from the sweetest of families!
Several evidence-based approaches to improving obstetrical outcomes have been successfully implemented by other maternity care stakeholders. For additional resources and opportunities to improve maternity care visit Childbirth Connections' newest website, Transforming Maternity Care.
for the rest of his life behind bars. By the story, this 15 year old
yeah, i remember those days. (i still have those scrapbooks. they're filled to the brim with stuff from my life in highschool. i loved them.)
Gault Rennow +2 crit +10
Allow me to suggest three simple yet
I mean, I hit 50,000 words with a few days to spare, but all of my research went out the window right away, in every sense. I don’t think I used any of it at all. And while I technically finished Mortality, it was so awful that I couldn’t even bring myself to take them up on their offer of a free self-published copy as a trophy. It wasn’t fit to be professionally bound, or even printed off of a personal printer and stapled together. It was crap.
This is a fun opportunity to use some interesting (and pricey) exotic woods since I only need a board foot of each.
2 (10 3/4 ounce) cans cheddar cheese soup
The only specific “offence” charged relates to the Insolvency Event. Other than that, the charges lack any specification at all.
Pull ups – chin over bar, full extension at the bottom
Created to pretend we never die,
This set begins with "Miles Davis and Horns" and "Dig" from the early 50's. Much of this music is not exceptional, being rather run of the mill jazz. But these two albums do contain some compositions which begin to show how good the early Davis bands (and Davis) were. The overall sound and feel is of a musician looking for his own individual sound. The next album, "Collectors' Items" is a bit better with musicians like Sonny Rollins, Paul Chambers, and Philly Joe Jones playing on some of Davis' better early tracks. With "Blue Haze", "Walkin'", "Bags' Groove", and "The Modern Jazz Giants", Davis is starting to form his own sound and approach to jazz. This is perhaps the first time Davis sounds like the jazz giant he was to become-and is some of his best early playing.
The wedding will be one of the biggest celebrations for the people of the UK for a long time to come, and it is no wonder that everyone there is getting excited about it!
I've always gotten her pictures taken with her glasses on because that's how she looks. She wears glasses, so she has glasses in her pictures. I had her take them off for this picture though because the light was really glaring off them. Someone else asked me a question about how my kids take care of their glasses, but I can't find it for the life of me. I bought Lex's first pair of glasses from Walmart because I didn't know any better. We went camping the day after I picked them up and while riding her bike, they fell off Lexi's face and were crushed in gravel. As soon as we got home from our trip, I took them to Walmart to see if they could fix or replace them and the ultra helpful people there told me they couldn't do anything and I'd need to buy another pair. They broke THE DAY AFTER I GOT THEM! Needless to say, I've never gone back there. I get the kids' glasses from a store called For Eyes. I don't know how wide spread this chain is, but they're wonderful! I can't even count how many times they've fixed, adjusted, or replaced my kids' glasses for free. The glasses are reasonably priced there too.
As we had some time to knock off before our flight departed back to Lima, we enlisted the aid of Raul once again who drove us around some other sites around Cusco worthy of your consideration if your travels ever take you down to these here parts of Peru.
some of my favorite OOTDs...
Winner #1 - Gvendalen (Helena) has won the template "Ees in the Bag". Congratulations, Helena! Please email Adela for your template. You will need to let her know which template you won.
use the baseline shift to raise or lower dashes, slashes, parentheses, brackets, etc. to be optically centered around the type instead of on the same baseline.
Contestant: Iceland? Ireland?
I will become a promotional product girl.
Till now, Writer Beware has pretty much ignored The Write Agenda. We feel no need to defend ourselves against anonymous groups with obvious hate agendas. Also, despite its best efforts, TWA hasn't succeeded in attracting much attention, so we don't feel that its fractured logic is much of a threat to new authors. Plus, it's kind of hard to take seriously a group whose logo is a guy with a bag over his head, or that creates a website called BadReads devoted to posting bad reviews of its critics' books, or claims that criticizing literary scams leads to low Amazon sales rankings. (Do they also think that kissing leads to pregnancy?)
It turned out to be a ticket to jail.
I think this is the third compact I've finished of this and I will for sure be ordering a fourth. It is a great setting powder and works amazingly well over BB creams and tinted moisturizer.
The grazing being of limited periods will not hurt the environment then the entire herding group moves on to return in a few years when the foliage would have regrown. Cattle remain healthy, lots of REAL high paying jobs as Cowboys, so those on cattle drives probably only will need to work 3 months a year. Much better than being a bean counter, pen pusher or paper shuffler or ‘programmer’ producing nothing in the real world right? The same way Facebook and Internet is just electricity without any place in reality compared to REAL work as suggested above . . .
Three times this expression is used in the Revelation. His eyes are laser-like. They penetrate beneath the surface. They miss nothing and see everything. In other words, He knows everything, including the thoughts and intentions of every heart. Doesn't this sound like God? Isn't it God Who is omniscient, all-knowing and all-seeing? Meaning what in the context of Revelation 19? Meaning that the dragon and the beast and the harlot don't stand a chance because opposed to them is Almighty God Himself.
In other words, there is no truth.
Tourist Destinations Guidefor All Inclusive Vacation in India
The bike, the buffalo and me, in that order.
When Lady Penelope Annand's trusted servant goes missing, she is determined to get to the bottom of the matter. Even if that means hiring a thief-taker to track down her maid's whereabouts. But when the darkly smoldering Pierce Howe takes charge of the situation, Penelope finds herself growing more attracted to him by the second--even if she's infuriated by his high-handed manner. She doesn't trust any man--not after the way her first husband wronged her--so why is she so quick to believe in a thief-taker?
02 - Strawberries
The tongue swells in your cheek,
I piccoli strass sulle stelline danno tanta luce.
Kennedy who famously said, “Life is not fair”, would be assassinated in 1963 and next in line was Lyndon Baines Johnson who took the nation into war with Vietnam and 58,000 dead young Americans later he decided not to run for reelection. I still recall the protest marches. The sixties became synonymous with “hippies”, a burgeoning drug culture, and some of the best rock’n roll ever performed.
CD: How do you write? What is your typical writing day?
The fellow with the red hat had just given what looked like money to the shirtless gentleman, and received something in exchange which he put in his pocket. I can't testify as to what happened, but I have a pretty good idea. There seem to be a lot of transactions on this street corner.
Come join us and see what it's all about...
Feel free to leave your shoes in the car and join us on our bare-foot grass dance floor
The most time consuming part of this process was peeling and coring the apples. Luckily my husband jumped in to core and cut the apples as I was peeling them, so this greatly sped up the process. So, if you have an extra set of hands around, grab them and have them join in on the fun! Plus, my philosophy is, if the recipe flops, and you had a helper, you can always put the blame on them!! Just kidding! ;)
Where do you want to travel to? What's your dream vacation?
The sponsor for this week is Whiff of Joy! Make sure to check out their site for the clearance stamps, will be going out of rubber, so last chance at some darlings! The prize this week will be Oakley with Bauble.
Have a happy lie-free New year!
“The fact that we exist gives kids something to aspire to.”
No one was happy. When the 3rd test rolled around the average grade was an F.
The pen stopped after two pages;
Here are her favorite projects that she's done.
It all seemed great. Here are my thoughts, read it, and decide for yourself.
Paul Taylor and I collaborated on a TinyTLF demo for 360|Flex last fall that used a quadratic Beizer spline to form left and right vertical constraints for dynamic text layout. After the demo, a few people said it would be really cool to see the text scroll. The idea scroller, however, should be organic to match the text boundaries, just as a vertical scroller matches a straight-line text boundary. Since the spline boundary is dynamic, this means the scroller track and thumb should be dynamically drawn.
Ang says one of the most important recipes for success is having the ability to adapt to changes around you.
Once you tap on the notebook and open it, you are presented with a page.
like was so customary not too long ago on the coastal properties of foreign viceroys.
Ford said on Friday that it had not received details of the claim, but reiterated its stance that Visteon was a separate company from Ford since 2000, adding that it "did the right thing" on pensions for its former employees at the time of
Sent: Monday, March 05, 2012 9:53 AM
In summary then the best routine seems to be readiness and preparedness for the challenge to face you although if you have a routine for gods sake don’t change it now you never know it may be the reason for your results or luck.
Saturday's long run was the fastest pace I have ever run 18miles. Thanks to Angie for keeping me going the last 1-1.5 miles when I was ready to stop. My legs were actually ok, but I was tired. I NEED to start getting more sleep! Who do I talk to about adding more hours to the day?! We had an overall average of 10:07mm for the whole run which is giving me hope that maybe, just maybe I will be able to make my time goal for the marathon!
‘Listen, I go to this thing on Wednesday nights. It’s like a Bible study – no, listen, it’s cool. The people are actually really cool.’ (27)
2 character
Jesse Eli Howard (1902-1985), wife of Emma Allred, son of John and Martha Howard.
We were there.
Terrified to tell people about her new power, Bridget confides in a local priest who enlists her help in increasingly dangerous cases of demonic possession. But just as she is starting to come to terms with her new power, Bridget receives a startling message from one of the demons. Now Bridget must unlock the secret to the demons' plan before someone close to her winds up dead – or worse, the human vessel of a demon king.
Then, there’s the philosophy which this runner-blogger really enjoys:
Were you excited to be tagged? Absolutely!
I was thrilled. I came up with a couple of options, the director picked the one she liked (I liked that one more myself), and got started. What transpired was a lengthy, slow process of getting it done. Here it is in living color for your entertainment and inspiration.
I really like the idea of being able to remove these sheets and keeping them for reference
I see married couples everyday all day at my job. It's very easy to distinguish those who have put in the work and those who have not. It makes my day to hear the happiness in the voices of those who have taken the time to strengthen and maintain their relationship, long term. Like I said, marriage is hard work.
which are constructed today are customized and well – furnished with the latest
That’s when a forgotten, but favorite, Charlie Brown book came to mind, Love is Walking Hand in Hand by Charles Schulz. This book expresses the meaning of love in small moments or actions, as a child does. So, like good ol’ Charlie, I am collecting the child’s view of what love is…
...even in 1903. And, the humor and wit is hard to find, the best of the lot seems to be a complicated story Abraham Lincoln told a some office seekers about a Chinese emperor hiring a donkey as an advisor.
Appellations of deposed monarchs
When my grandmother and her family came to America in 1913, they brought with them what would become a tradition of "backyard farming" -- chickens, fruit trees, a few pigs, and tomatoes. They made their own pork sausage in the basement, dried tomato paste on their tin roof, and the canned tomato sauce to last the winter. My "big nana" (great grandmother) never learned to speak English, unlike her children who Americanized as quickly as possible, but she spoke to me through food every time I sat in her kitchen during summer visits to Pennsylvania. I guess this is where my farming heritage comes from ... it's the only explanation I have for the goats in my backyard, tomato seedlings in my kitchen window, and chickens pecking in a side yard coop!
A stroke results when blood overflows into the spaces surrounding brain cells. This might occur when the blood supply to part of the brain is suddenly interrupted. Or it might occur when a blood vessel in the brain bursts.
As Catholic Christians, then, it is our duty not only to stamp out any form of bullying (itself a grave sin against charity and justice), but also to encourage young people who have fallen into the sin of despair - either through their own fault, or the temptations and pitfalls of an overly sexualised or sometimes truly bigoted society. We also have the duty to offer hope: that life can get better, that adulthood is sometimes not as bad as adolescence. But our hope is not grounded in the premise that life becomes more fulfilling through self-gratifying sexual exploration, but rather that we become truly alive through the exploration of God's love.
Good morning readers! I hope this finds you doing well.
America’s Save for Team Blake: Jermaine Paul. When they announced this, I yelled. This is one decision in the past few weeks that I agree with! That leaves Erin Willett and RaeLynn to sing for their save. I am such a fan of Erin Willett, so I hope she does well tonight.
Our children grow up so fast! You can capture this precious time in your little ones life and create a treasure that will last forever!
He would his deeds forget.
FACT: I want to visit Tunisia and live in a mud house for a while, running around pretending to be a Jawa or shoot Sand People.
Unclaimed property is held by the The State of Wisconsin indefinitely, which means there is no time limit to claim your funds. Until such time as someone comes forward to claim their property the WI State Treasurer will act as custodian for the funds.
Email: presidencia@morelia.gob.mx, fvallejo@morelia.gob.mx, yupicatca@yahoo.ca, protest@3dayz.com
That this minor character speaks in a way entirely unlike his dialogue in Hamlet, that he has this extraordinary knowledge of things involving probability, philosophy, chinese history, is always accepted by the audience, because they accept that these lines are unconnected with anything like life. A similar acceptance, I think, takes place with the dialogue of the characters of the movie. When Jules gives a formal analysis of how TV shows are developed and produced, we do not try to link this analysis to anything that might have taken place in the character’s previous off-screen life, a brief writing career, say, anymore than we try to link Guildenstern’s line with a possible time as a chinese scholar.
Never the less,
“Fine. But on one condition.”
Most people are already investing but don’t realise it. Superannuation is a form of compulsory investment that the government has put in place to deal with the inevitable collapse of welfare. Unfortunately, most super companies actually capitalise on people’s ignorance. The less you know about your super, the more they can syphon off. When I first started with my current job, my super account was set on an average growth fund and had a lot of unnecessary insurance options selected, resulting in negative growth! The first investing step you should make is to take control of your super. You can’t touch this money for a long, long time, so you might as well make it work hard for you. Most companies will allow you to direct where you want your money to be invested. They’re also legally required to provide you with information that summarises a lot of the investment options available on the market. This makes it a quick and simple way of getting a good idea of what investment options are out there.
This week both Rex and Riley's schools had parent teacher conferences. Thankfully Riley had class even though the rest of the school had early release. Rex's school had early release so he was able to hang out with Kristi the babysitter while Riley was at afternoon preschool. He thought this was a great treat. Thursday afternoon they had a hot date and after they dropped Riley off at school they headed down town to the Olive Garden to enjoy lunch and wonder around a bit. Rex had a glorious day!
Notes: Following up with “voi!” and “glaven!” and other Jerry Lewis mannerisms earns you bonus points – but not 200 of them.
In normal words, people took longer to get good at something if they were feeling bad about anything.
Since he left, his beautiful house has been vandalized: toilets, taps and pipes were removed, and doors and cupboards throughout the house were broken off from their hinges and taken away. Some of the roofing has disappeared. The farm’s dams and camps are now inoperative. Nobody wants to pay the electricity to work the pumps.
I didn’t take my mp3 so instead of having the little recording tell me when to run/walk, I just ran for 20 Mississippi’s and walked 60 Mississippi’s. Running today was different. The rain felt like it was melting away all my troubles, the wind pushed off my cap and my hoodie, exposing me to the world, and my glasses were an inconvenience in the rain so I took them off as well and ran blindly on; it felt like the epitome of life – facing the odds to the best of your natural abilities. I had no expectations of myself, made no impossible demands, I didn’t criticize my lack of endurance or bouncing tummy, I simply ran as best as I could and congratulated myself on every labored step. When I walked through my front door, soaked to the bone, I was the proudest I’d been of myself in a long time – I faced my fears and went through with the first day.
I have not been so impressed by an actor’s range since I saw Robert Carlyle in The Full Monty and then, two days later, in Face. He performed the characters and their body language so utterly differently yet so believably within their own context that… I would not have realised just how good an actor he is if I had not seen them so close together. It was a bit like the shock of listening to Robert Carlyle’s totally convincing Northern England and South London accents in those movies, then hearing him speak in his own very strong Glaswegian accent.
It was long through my wedding, birth of my babies until August when I got another foot cut off. At the bottom is what it looks like now. I like it a lot and will not likely grow it back out anytime soon. I have several friends suffering through cancer and losing their gorgeous hair because of the chemo - one of them is my girl friend who actually styles my hair - so in support of them and until they can grow their hair back out, I think I am going to keep it short and really blonde :)
And I realized that everything I knew about taking care of children and raising kids came from my parents, my mom. So, as I try to take care of my baby brother (and sometimes my baby sister) I am trying to do the things I saw and felt my mom do to me. And if I try to suggest something to my mom, try to offer solutions to issues I see, or try to discuss problems...I am not attacking my mom and the way she does things. Just trying to be a good mom, which I learned from her. I don't want to take her place as mom to my brother. I just want to help him be happy, help him through a hard time in life. And I am finding my relationship with him is changing, improving.
4) Write 7,500 words of new fiction. - I didn't have any one breakthrough day this week but I did get up over 5,000 words for the month which puts me well above pace.
We left off with our tapes now dumped onto the computer. This is usually the fun part. Overdubbing this and that, extra percussions, noises, and experimenting. We barely got that far. To save time we were now working in both Studio A and Studio B (Joe's bedroom). I would be working on vocals in A while he was doing some editing in his room and when we got bored of the scenery we would switch. It wasn't long before the cat was out of the bag; Joe and I both had reservations about the recordings. He thought this was too slow and I thought that was too fast and we both agreed that this other one just didn't feel right at all. We sat and stared at one another stroking our mustaches for few tense minutes before dropping the guillotine. We would have to re-record.
Therein lies a major problem. Politicians who are fighting over funding and labor contracts need to remember that they aren’t the stakeholders – the region’s residents (and businesses) are. The line would be paid for with tax dollars and it would serve residents and visitors. The debate needs to focus on the good of the region, not political opportunities for self-concerned politicians.
Supplies - stamps: Unity Stamps KOM & ?; unknown cardstock, Papertry Ink pp; Copics; Spica pens; unk ribbon; photo corners punch; copper brad.
So I searched, and searched. And searched some more. For months. I was on my Craigslist app every day or two, looking for that perfect dresser for this spot. Couldn’t find a thing (for the price I wanted to pay).
Hello Ann Leslie,
I'm Ari,
The food was bad.
Anyway I digress.
And there is now of course also a suitably glamorous hotel for the secret assignations of the homburg hat-wearers, or just an excellent cocktail for the weary Londoner. I took the Accidental Father here for supper one evening when he was in town, and lost him to his younger self. I finally found him, snapping away with his camera-phone, at a series of brass plaques on the roof supports. Forty or so years on he could tell me the date they bore without looking.
I petition to close the account and hope that no one tries to steal it again in the 30-day window before it's deactivated and deleted.
We married on September 29, 2007, just two weeks after he came home from Korea. He had received orders to Fort Gordon, GA so I followed him there. Early in our marriage, we suffered a miscarriage. This led to another year of trying to conceive unsuccessfully and then finding out that I have fertility issues connected with PCOS.
to share a mother’s care.
1 ocean's
“We also need to focus on building up people’s ability to cope better with future droughts and food crises. We must keep our attention firmly focused on Somalia and ensure that we do not fail the most vulnerable.”
It isn't like you to be this rude. I'm worried about you. I'm going to call your office and have Randy meet you and give you the money in person. He's going to meet you at the Noodle Oodle outside the Tottenham Court tube station. I know that's one of your favorite places to meet Randy when you're in London. Be there in one hour and he'll have some money and my plane ticket for you.
While my inbox is flooded with images every day, it never bothers me as a picture takes so little time to look at. The only problem is that most of the images rarely stand out or move me. Yesterday, however, this Helen Levitt popped up advertising a new show at the Kahmann Gallery in Amsterdam and it just struck a chord with me.
Next to olive oil, Avocado is the second fruit with the highest content (20%) of "oleic acid", a monounsaturated fatty acid that may help lower (LDL) cholesterol. This amounts to almost twenty times that of any other fruit. The monounsaturated fat is known to help the basal metabolic rate and reduce over-eating.
The simple answer is that all believers have a ministry to perform. 2 Corinthians5:18shows us that we have been reconciled to God by Jesus Christ and have been given the ministry of reconciliation. Then in verse 20 it says, “We are ambassadors for Christ.” We are here on earth to fulfil His ministry of grace.
And yes, there is even a marijuana counterpart to the cigar. In the early 1990s the inner cities gave birth to a new practice called “blunting,” in which cheap cigars are gutted and stuffed with marijuana. It is fitting that this practice originated in the same place where gangs come from. An inner-city gang seems supremely concerned with honor and courage: its elaborate codes would suggest as much. But seeming is one thing, being another. The gang-member fancies himself honorable, but is in reality a thug. Just as the cigar is the counterpart to the real virtues of honor and courage, the marijuana-blunt is the counterpart to the fake virtues of gang-honor and gang-courage.
This isn’t a new revelation. I’ve known I would be an awful caveman since the first time I heard about Otzi, the caveman who was found frozen in a block of ice. They say he was most likely killed by a rock to the head. No doubt I, much like Otzi, would have been murdered during this time period. Sometimes sarcasm can get you in trouble, particularly with prehistoric men who are still baffled by fire.
“You did not come last night!” was his first comment.
We are officially at the point in the deployment that I miss my husband. Not that I haven’t missed him the whole time he’s been gone. But this is different. It is total, complete missing him, there is nothing I can do that I don’t miss him.
-Piece of wood cut to the size of your window
The elasticity of a material is a physical quantity that can be observed, measured and experimented with. As such, we can devise a scale, just like we did above and classify different materials according to their degree of elasticity.
In this series, each post will focus on one main dish. I sometimes like to make extras just so that I have the leftovers ready to be re-invented into another great dish. So ask yourself this:
However, at the same time that women remain underrepresented in computers, they are making strides in business. According to the Department of Education, women received 45.4 percent of master’s degrees in business in 2009, up from 39.8 percent in 1999 and 33.6 percent in 1989.
I was on a roll, my voice no longer quiet and uncertain, but booming and confident and DETERMINED that the bullying should stop.
I am Gyeorgos Ceres Hatonn, come in the One Light of Creator God. May your journey be forever unfolding in newness and with the joy of surprise. You are each deserving of Creator’s infinite and unconditional Love; learn to allow this KNOWING to enter your heart.
If 39 Steps is open, make sure you go and see the extremely talented Roo Waterhouse whose treatment of mundane household items and toys in her canvasses and photographs shows the hidden beauty in the everyday things we take for granted.
So, words come and go, and the meanings of words can change. The use and function of a particular word formation is thus ENTIRELY contextual (not inherent).
“Blrrrwb!”
But my personal favorite moment of horror? The moment when Finn McMissile says to our darling, innocent Mater “First, you need a gun”….proceeded by walls flipping inward a la James Bond action flick to reveal hundreds of oozies and missle launchers.
Micheesha was having a party and some of her unsavoury ‘bitches’ were there. But I ended up having a good night, getting a laugh telling them about when I was a kid
This went on from 1929 to 1974. We’re never told in any news piece to date how and/or why this practice came into effect, who formed the eugenics panels, and whether or not it’s even still on the books in any states (which obviously I would hope not). Also, it begs the question that if several states (20 to 30 I think based on previous articles on this subject) conducted clandestine sterilization programs, someone in the government must have approved it or at least known about it considering so many states participated.
Shredded Coconut, optional
Lynda MacGibbon is a transplanted Maritimer living in Toronto. Her column appears each Friday in the Moncton Times & Transcript. Email her at lmacgibbon@gmail.com and follow her on Twitter @lyndamacgibbon
So we don't. And they molder on library shelves, relics to forget about.
To sign up to distribute bandaids in the Congo. Sorry, bad joke. Don’t get offended.
This is the Book I read and highly recommend it as well as any book this lovely lady writes. I had loaned it out so I will have to get another one. Yes, you will want to read it more than once as it is so very interesting.
Baby C is always happy to get ice cream!
On Wednesday night, the competition got underway with the Last Chance Slam. Thursday will bring the first set of preliminary bouts as the poets are divided into four groups of ten poets each. All will drop a four-minute poem and a one-minute poem as their opening salvos on the road to determining this year’s national indie championship. On Friday, a second set of bouts will see slammers each perform a two-minute and a three-minute poem. The top ten poets after four intense rounds of slam will advance to Saturday’s Finals.
This is when Spock sacrifices himself to save the ship. By doing one thing or another to the war core, the ship can move safely away before Genesis explodes, destroying the Reliant, but creating a new planet in its wake. Kirk rushes to engineering to see Spock, but he cannot rescue him because of the radiation. They talk aboit the unsinkable scenario and that spock sacrificed himself because the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. Or the one.
This year, I'd like to go to Bald Head Islands in the Outer Banks. (They have blue herons!!!) I wish to take my daughters there for a week so we can help with the turtle babies, climb the lighthouse, splash through the tidal pools and paint the sunrises and sunsets. That's my wish!
And return
You might be spoilin’ me too much, love
It charged straight at a constable, leading to what can only be described as a fight between the two. It was really angry.
Artists for Humanity. This grassroots program in Boston helps kids get off the streets and into professional graphic design careers. Check it out, these guys rock (and they love copics!)
Cd1: Never Walk Away; Like A Sunshower; Change For The Better; Wildest Dream; Faith In The Heartland; After All These Years; Where Did I Lose Your Love; What I Needed; What It Takes To Win; Turn Down The World Tonight; The Journey (Revelation).
I was then sent to another specialist, in both room and person, for another attempt with the camera. But my body was having none of it.
Like the Kool-Aid in your glass.
Before boarding the ship, we were handed 5 tickets, each representing one sample of the beer available on board. We were also given a slip of paper. The Amazing Taste isn't just for tasting beers - you also get to compete for sweet prizes like a $150 gift certificate to the Buckeye Beer Engine. Being a competitive person, it was hard to decide which to tackle first - the beers or the scavenger hunt. Lucky for me, they were relatively intertwined.
And for someone easily distracted by sparkly things addiction can pose a problem! (so can depression unfortunately as you realise just how many beautiful interiors and cool DIY projects there are out there you will never have the time/money/motivation to re-create :-(
Or maybe I’ve turned my back on him.
Irene didn’t turn to see the boy on his knees, desperately trying to reassemble pieces of burger and place them back in their polystyrene trays. It was another person’s kindness that brought the hot embarrassed tears to his eyes as he finally sat back, acknowledging that he’d never be able to brush the dirt and grit from the fries lying scattered across the path.
Snow, again. It’s, like, every frickin’ weekend. I’m not clearing it because the plow guy will just block me back in again. I swear he waits just out of sight. Bastard.
July 28, 2011
We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
And labels galore! Enough said! The picture speaks a gazillion fascinating words....
This parallel novel is complete at 56,000 words. While the characters are derivative, the story is entirely original. For more information on the novel, please see its Web page (redacted)
The extremely fine print running along the left side of the photo is Matt's cheeky idea of a copyright notice: "unauthorized duplication is a) probably impossible to prove in court b) rather passé, don't you think? c)exciting and rebellious."
I pass through many miles of farmland and the occasional rural business or country home. This is a beautiful and relaxing chunk of the highway. The roadwork itself is not as pristine as the most northern part of the LA-31, but it is not near as bad compared to most of Louisiana’s other highways. I enter Arnaudville and a sign enlightens me that the city’s sister cities are Jausiers, France and Jumelage Belgium. You overhear a lot of Cajun French still spoken in Arnaudville, I’d guess more in public than most anywhere else in Louisiana. The highway tees right over one bride, and then jogs immediately left over another – one bridge crosses the Teche and the other the Bayou Fusilier. Right after the second bridge you are back on the west bank of the Teche. I pull into Myran’s Masion de Manger. Whenever one of the multitudes of natural disasters strikes South Louisiana (hurricane, flood, tornado or Saint’s loss) folks call the brewery to see if Myran and his restaurant are OK. His small restaurant is famous for its boiled crawfish and that is what I am here for today.
Oh ye, of little faith!
Some of the most devastating words in the English language strung together are “I never told him how much I loved him.”
Grind all the spices together and keep aside. Sieve together flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda. In a bowl, beat eggs with a electric beater, add vanilla essence and pineapple essence. When it turns smooth add sugar, beat well. Pour oil and mix. Add the flour and spice powders, pour orange juice. Beat with a wooden stick (do not over beat and always beat to one direction only) till the batter turns to a ribbon consistency.
150g icing sugar
Clannad Theme from Harry’s game IRL
The team went 27-0 this year during the regular season. It has achieved perfection so far and they hope to continue that during the playoffs that start today, Thursday Nov. 17.
Shotgun blast hit his chest, left nothing inside.
Place them in a baking dish, and repeat with the remaining shanks. Add additional oil and butter if needed.
Ingredients for Friand
In a stunning example of double talk (or Orwellian “Newspeak”), the Rev. David May, a “trainer,” claimed that while some kids might be practicing racism “unawares,” other kids might be victims of said racism and not even know it.
Another option are juice bars. Pack in those micronutrients with your fresh pressed fruit or veggie juices.
Congratulations to these two deserving students.
Hello and good morning, thank you for all your entries for our last challenge and again we have some amazing talented people out there!!
RSVP: No later than March 12th
Dr. Dante sat back in his chair. "Rich is a state of mind. Your sister and your father's state of mind, to be more precise. Privileged. You're different."
Creamy Tomatilla Dressing
2. Where do you do your most creative thinking – and when? (e.g. particular time of day, conscious space e.g. dreams)
While I prefer classic seat clusters, there are also many designs that deviate into all sorts of creative directions. On this Bates B.A.R. bicycle, the seat stay caps look like sharpened pencils and meet the main lug at the bottom.
Without the death of Thomas and Martha Wayne the world wouldn’t have a Batman. Their horrible death gave us many years of joy as we followed Batman as he beat the crap out of numerous villains, and watched him cruise around in some bad ass vehicles.
Not only does he mock the birth of his enemy, but he also refers to himself as superhuman. Or how about this? Or These?? Oh you may laugh now, but in 2012 when the 4 monkey men of the apocalyptic Armageddon are chasing after you, don't come running to me. So fall on your knees now and begged to be saved by the Jeebus!
What I will remember from the fair is the tractor pull, Nolan's giggle at the pull, and trying to take Nolan to the bathroom. It must have been quite the sight - a 9 month pregnant lady trying to persuade her not quite 2 year old son to use the porta-potty. I didn't fit inside with Nolan so I held the door open with my butt and Nolan peed (yeah him!)
For the title, I cut out the word VIEW with my Cricut machine & then added some of the little letters from the Simple Stories Destinations Kit. I also added a big flourish sticker to the top of the photos which is also from the kit. Then I took the ticket border sticker and trimmed them apart & popped up every other sticker for a little bit of texture.
The competition closes on 17 April 2012 at midnight British Summer Time.
Once per month clean the inside of your stove.
“This is delicious.” Kates.
Again, like Shaq, this grizzled veteran is not going to able to carry a big load on his own. However, combine their forces and they might be able to create a formidable force up front.
Count-to-10 chart
I am sure anyone living in Britain has seen the series of adverts encouraging people to become teachers, including the one with the white girl holding hands with a black boy, with the commentary which says something to the effect that children are free thinking beings who don't think the way they are supposed to think. What a joke, what a lie! by snogging a black man the poor deluded little twit is doing exactly what her teachers, the TV and the magazines she reads have been telling her what to do and what to think.
The tiger’s body-mind acts to preserve itself and the deer’s body-mind acts to preserve itself.
As the study group deals with their grief over the death of Starburns, Jeff is the only member that remains above it all, until the Dean announces that a teacher has resigned and they have to take a class during the summer. Jeff’s grief over the loss of his summer inspires his classmates and they instigate a riot against the school. Chang relishes in the opportunity to use his newfound power, then replaces the Dean with a double and buys off the school board in order to avoid the consequences of his actions. Typical Jeff and typical Chang.
He is a weird pitcher based on the fact that he has strikeout “stuff”, yet he only has 12 strikeouts in 41.1 IP and 6.5Ks/ 9 IPin over 400 IP in his pro career. His fastball has been clocked in as high as 101 MPH (while in New Hampshire); he has been successful due to a very good sinker that enables him to produce many ground outs and minimize homeruns (0.5 HRs allowed per 9 IP for New Hampshire) as well as a low walk rate of 1.7BB/9 IP.
3. Detroit Lions
We sat on the steps overlooking the fountain, the tower, and the city, and ate another treat we had picked up at Lenotre: Madeleines! Another check off of the list of necessary Parisian snacks, and well worth it. Soft, slightly sweet and slightly lemony, and perfect.
7. Christmas morning, everyone awakes anxious to see what Santa has left. Once all the stockings have been torn apart, we sit down for a filling Christmas breakfast, consisting of a breakfast casserole, sweet bread and fruit salad. When breakfast is cleared and the kitchen is clean we return to the family room to exchange and open gifts. Mark's side of our family joins us in the afternoon to exchange and open more gifts. Then with both sides of our family joining us in our home we sit down to a beautiful Christmas dinner.
"I'd like to show you a Witnessing, if I may?" He got to his feet, almost stumbling as he rose, and approached the bars. "Though you'll probably not believe it when you see it."
who is Jesus Christ?
I did get a call from his teacher apologizing for being out…obviously I don’t feel an apology is needed. Sometimes things happen and we have to learn how to help him cope.
Look, here's who to trust: THE PUBLISHERS WHOSE WORK YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE ON BOOKSTORE SHELVES, AND AT WAL-MART, AND AT CVS, AND IN LIBRARIES.
Hey kids! You wanna fly through space? Wanna hold game controllers in a way that suggests you've never played a video game before in your life? Then you'll want to play a system designed by Jeremy Megason IV: The Super Megason IV! The only video game system built by astronauts at NASA!
So what’s the moral of the story here? Time is my enemy; the only thing standing in the way of me and my goal to reduce using water. Knowing this now, I can go into week two with a clearer picture of how to go about it: time management and discipline. Simple right? Let’s hope so!
This is a long, involved story and quite boring, so I'll give you the Reader's Digest version. There's an on-line software that the school district uses to allow parents to monitor their child's grades. Most teacher will update it daily or a couple times a week with homework, labs, test and quizzes. And it will give you an instantaneous grade snapshot. We've been using it for years and have never had a problem until this year's math class. The 1st marking period, we noticed the software indicated an A+ but for daily entries, it listed "X" or "1". He ended up with a "B" for the marking period. The 2nd marking period was more of the same, only this time he ended up with an "F". Every other class gives number grades and an equivalent letter grade. And for the 2nd marking period, The Pudge had A+, A+, A, A, A-, B+...and an F.
Why am I telling you this? Because, frankly, I’ve gone beyond. I have not one shred of dignity left, not after selling my gallstones to the highest bidder. I mean, what's left? A piece on my ingrown toenails?
There were almost as many cameras as there were tulips, so I wasn’t the only one photographing. Even one of the TV gardening shows had a camera crew there to film the Turkish delights.
2007: Billy’s dad is arrested for child abuse. Billy removed to foster care and joins a gang. State psychologist tells Billy’s sister that she remembers being abused herself and their dad goes to prison. Billy’s mom has affair with psychologist.
Of course, the conference isn't the first time these students were fed such a heavy dose of racism.
If the south carolina insurance comapny or whistleblower plaintiff should contact an experienced FCA litigation attorney. Few attorneys handle qui tam or whistleblower plaintiff should contact an experienced South Carolina Honors College, which is located near the lovely oceanfront community of Myrtle Beach Pavilion is also known for its long and grueling question and answer session which can last for hours.
This is my (fiction) summer reading list so far. Note: it includes both contemporary and classic selections.
Jonno was very obliging to take a couple of photos this morning. I don't know why I was so serious, maybe cowls are not to be taken lightly.
I know how to plan. When I'm very successful at weight loss, running, crossing stuff off my to-do list when I have plan.
You can obtain English machine-translations for Japanese patent and utility model documents from 1993 onwards on the Japan Patent Office's free-of-charge "IPDL" (Industrial Property Digital Library) internet service at http://www.ipdl.inpit.go.jp/homepg_e.ipdl.
Currently the bedroom looks like this:
I am going upstairs now to fill Andrew and Rhiannon's stockings... one of those things that hasn't changed yet.
It was nice to hear from many of you, since semi-returning from a blogging break. Writing less frequently- but still writing, is definitely a better fit for our family schedule.
On a happier note, the other poem that often comes to mind when I’m walking round the garden or feeling exhilarated after a swim in the sea is Dylan Thomas’s ‘The Force That through the Green Fuse Drives the Flower’. Life goes on. This weekend, oblivious to lives being taken or changed, we had a wonderful time catching up with my daughter, Rose, and her partner Si. We walked and swam and simply enjoyed being together in glorious weather. Ma’s feeling rejuvenated too, after her brush with serious injury in December. Yesterday, she phoned to tell me that she’d booked herself up on ‘a computer course for wrinklies’ since she’s itching to buy herself a laptop. And finally, Stepson One and his fiancée, Gill, fly off to Grenada tomorrow to get married. Here’s wishing them every happiness on their wedding day and for their lives together.
Onions go into the main pot. This is a personally preference, as I like my onions completely disintegrated into the stew at the end. 1 hour of stewing will make onions completely disappear texture wise, leaving their flavor. If you like to chomp on your onions, delay this move.
Smile though your heart is aching
We kissed- her lips departed tight,
*Okay, I start that conversation, not Beefy. And it usually goes like this:
07 - I
A few moments later, her girl turned to her. She had a runny nose, and there were no tissues to be found. Her daughter went to where the man sat, hoping to squeeze out to get a tissue.
An Irish pub across the road didn't seem to promise much, usually the beer choice is terrible at these places.
13 Factory Floor - Taxidermist (edit)
Grated Parmigiano-Reggiano
See you later.
A very quick post to say that we’re home, safe and sound! We had a wonderful time, and even more than that I got to spend some quality time with my daughter. I will be posting an absolute ton of pictures and stories soon. Just about everything we saw and did was incredible and I can’t wait to share.
Day 3 - The day will be split into two. One part of the day will be spent going over and critiquing photos from day two on aspects of posing, use of light, composition and style. The other part of the day will be spent learning valuable branding and marketing techniques that will help bring you in touch with the right clientèle, bring you business and strengthen your consultation/sales confidence :) If you have prior and current marketing material, that is encouraged to be brought to the workshop as well for critique and feedback.
(2) Apples and Oatmeal
lasagna
Miss you all!!!!!!!!
Even though we are believers, we have let our fallen state lead us into the dominion of the world system. It is through the allure of this world, and the deception of the enemy that we have been wounded and taken captive by the enemy to hinder us from living out the destiny the Lord has for each of us. And, because we have not been taught how to appropriate the deliverance from bondage – the spiritual freedom that is our legacy, we continue to be bound by these anchors of our past - our sins our failures, our suffering through abuse and betrayals.
Unfortunately I didn’t get the chance. At 9.30 in the morning someone handed over £20 for the collection and took the whole cake !! However, they did phone back the next day to say it was delicious and could they have the recipe, please !! So I will just have to make another one some day.
I can't sleep. Well that's not true, I'm simply unable to fall asleep. So I decided to read some forum entries on Dunkelsüß. One discussion was especially interesting to me: "Animal ears with Lolita?".
Russian homo-erotic macho icon Putin had good reason to say such a thing: he knew only too well that Dominic Strauss-Kahn’s removal from his IMF job would pave the way for a greater US control of matters in the IMF. Rasputin never says anything without an agenda in mind; and although it could be argued that he shouldn’t give a toss either way about who runs the International Monetary Fund, the truth is that Vlad the Impaler would have preferred dealing with a megalomaniac like DSK – rather than a blue-stocking Amerophile like Christine Lagarde.
3) Death Bed Scene.
Best Advice: Take risks. Trust your emotions. Don’t be afraid of doing something that seems bigger than you’re used to. Doing a project like this forces you to overcome challenges – know what you want and go with the flow.
Respect and look out for one another.
In this is love:
Lal Chowk and Residency Road, one finds selling stylish clothes and fast food specialities, located in some of the best shopping malls and lively streets open throughout the day and late evenings.
- active in the church, but inactive in the gospel
So, yeah, I understand that the previous paragraphs read like a Bell's promotion, but seriously, barring the Xmas Ale, of which I have no opinion as of yet, all are favorites of mine, and are available locally, both in cases and in six-packs. The only thing that's missing is a Bell's tap in Indiana, which will hopefully be remedied soon.
Single Family Rentals Now Exceed Multifamily
He scares me to death now, but for entirely different reasons. Now I can handle his looks, his voice, his sweetness, his humor, but his love frightens me. I never planned on falling in love again. I wasn’t sure I would find it, I wasn’t sure I wanted it, I wasn’t sure I deserved it.
Tomorrow also brings VBS decorating. This year’s theme is a tough one for decorating – Hero Headquarters. But it is a really fun one for stories and the crafts I will be doing. I just pray that the kids hearts would be receptive to the Holy Spirit. I need to spend the rest of tonight planning for the decorating tomorrow and the crafts themselves next week. I have an awesome team that will be doing so much of the work with me. Thank you!
The deer continue to greet Big B and I every morning. A new development is that some of them are now coming back for lunch. They like to see what sort of leftovers the Rugrats will throw their way.
Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and mix well to combine. Stir in the lime zest, cranberry sauce and dried cranberries then fold in the flour.
How we break each other’s hearts
Alex Boye is a personal friend of my son Matthew and his family. He sang at the funeral of my son Matthew. Was incredible.
Act : Belsavis – World Pvp – Republic Level 41-44 – Empire Level 41-44
Later the European traders introduced the glass materials which became a huge hit everywhere.
Kerri: I want something, but I don't know what I want.
Never try to walk, swim, or drive through swiftly moving high water. Six inches of fast moving flood water has the power to knock you off your feet, and a depth of two feet can float your car! If you come upon flood waters, stop, turn around and go another way.
The other thing I want to do is actually have a ceremony for Beltane. I would welcome suggestions of things I could include (bearing in mind my situation of no candles/incence).
It was actually a nice day for a white wedding. The weather in the Hunter Valley was superb as I barreled through Cessnock in Albus the albino Toyota. I was running, as I always do, rather late (on the scale of bizarrely close to on time, to missing the plane, I was somewhere in the middle). As this wasn’t an elaborate dream sequence, and therefore not my wedding, my tardiness wasn’t going to leave a groom weeping at an altar.
A lot of the older ones are weird, and funny to look at because I don't know how we thought some of the shirts we made were good ideas. I like those ones for different reasons I guess.
The trade deficit matters because it reduces national income and employment. A large trade deficit makes the still sluggish economic recovery even more so, because imports create fewer jobs in the United States than do goods or services produced in the U.S. The trade deficit also matters because it adds to the nation’s indebtedness to other nations. The United States has long had a trade deficit in manufacturing. There is also a trade deficit in agriculture and natural resources, which is driven largely by oil imports. The nation has a small trade surplus in services. A trade deficit has to be paid for by borrowing from abroad. This is money that could be used to invest in our own domestic economy.
For starters Mikael’s Mom, Catharina, came to visit for an action-packed Easter weekend, filled with adventures both in and outside of the city’s boundaries. From underneath the Pantheon to the top of the Sacre Coeur, from Matisse’s window’s to Monet’s gardens, we saw and did it all. Rising early and collapsing late, it’s no exaggeration when we say we managed to see more of our city during her 4 day stay than we have since we moved here last fall. Click below to see some of the highlights.
at the burning, fertile sun.
We were getting the girls ready to go to their dad’s. Part of me was trying to think of a way to keep them with me but I knew it could be many hours yet and it might be better to not have them there. So I fended off an increasingly-suspicious Kira (“why are you printing off birth stuff mummy?”) and kissed them goodbye after warning my ex that there might be a late night skype session.
p54 “Almost everywhere the expulsion of demons, diseases, and sin coincides – or a one period coincided – with the festival of the New Year.”
So I’ve tried everything but shade, and nothing has worked well for this variety.
Cootchie Coo by Charlie Feathers
I've had Hereafter on my bookshelf for a pretty long time. I wasn't planning on reading it for a while and by that I mean a very long time. But then, I had an urge to read something ghostly and so Hereafter it was. Now, I just regret not reading this sooner!
To test your knowledge of exactly how the tax filing process works, and to provide a dawdling exercise for those who still have not filed, let's take this brief quiz.
At our next meeting there will be ten children’s writers, poets and illustrators, all interested in talking and perhaps doing a number of different events together. Even if it turns out that we do very little together as a group, the benefits will still have been enormous. We’ve met, shared experiences, shared our books, exchanged ideas, and perhaps forged a few friendships.
By the way, Bo Chute is a French word… no, it’s a Japanese idiom made up in one of the popular quiz show in Japan called “Sekai Fushigi Hakken“. It was actually made up of one Japanese word Boshu suru(= deprive ) and a Chute in English. In this show, if the participants give a wrong answer to the question, one of their small dolls on their table, which briefly stands for their score, fall inside the chute and deprived by the host, then the host says Bo Chute! each time it happens. That’s what Menma used here to express her angry.
From our perspective, (the Right), the rights of victims and their families must always come before the those who have, in our opinion, forfeited their rights by committing the most heinous of crimes.
Farmer’s Neighbor #4: We’ll start fresh food farmer’s markets and have food festivals that teach people about sustainable food sources. We’ll rally behind our local farmers.
06 Wind Chill Factor (Minus Zero)
The lavender we planted two summers ago is turning green again after the winter. And it was looking leggy. I squatted for an hour, clipping away dead wood, tidying, shaping, peering at tiny silver shoots, trying to determine how the plants would look in a few weeks' time when they had filled out.
J is for current favorite jam: This survey has been especially food-based, so this might refer to a spread most often used on toast. But could it mean song I’m jamming to? NO ONE KNOWS! I’m going to take it as the latter since I don’t eat jam (the sugar and all that). At this moment, I’m rocking out to this, which fits a certain scene in my WIP:
We can take him out for dinner that night as long as we stay
We were all so excited about Manny, even my husband. We would look in on him regularly to see his growing progress. It seemed as if he was growing before our very eyes. The kids would climb up on the counter to check in on him. We watered him with bottled water. We even decided that Manny was going to be an indoor tree until we purchased our dream house and planted him outside. We even had plans to get Manny a girlfriend mango tree, not only to keep him company, but to assist in the germination and production of delightful offspring which we would enjoy for decades hence.
One: You will be able to do many great things, but only if you allow yourself to be held in someone’s hand.
The other oil I was sent was their Organic Omega Cool Oil, a combination of cold pressed seed oils, consisting ofa mixture of organic flax, hemp, evening primorse and pumpkin seed oil. This is an oil that is meant to be used cool. It's great for drizzling on salads, whizzed into smoothies, swirled onto finished soups, as a dip for rustic loaves, or taken as a medicament, 1 TBS a day. I know Evening Primrose oil has long been recommended for anyone who suffers from arthritic pain. I found that it has a very pleasnt flavour as well, if not addictive!! I have been quite enjoying a TBS of it every morning.
-sleeping in a toddler bed! (although we still have to put a baby gate in your doorway so that you don't wander through the house in the middle of the night)
Sure enough I've had it confirmed that Amazon haven't received the disk. Melted. Gone.
Glue the cut-out silhouette on the inside of the card on the left.
It's the exact same room, and it will be repeated again and again, throughout numerous structures around the world – but it will be done without any public acknowledgement that the rooms exist. It's an art project no on knows about.
1 tins
This blogger went from his clinic in Pudu to Masjid Jamek area. Still in working shirt. It was hot – both the weather and the people. Taken around 12.45pm
NOTE: And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them. And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
(sung to the Christmas carol “The Twelve Days Of Christmas”)
I can't believe that it's already time for my 2nd installment of Thankful Thursday! As always, I had sooooo much to be thankful for that I had to pare it down to a few or we would be here all day! So here they are!
Into the water.
“With Beijing in chaos like this we’ve got to guard against a second Cultural Revolution. There must be some “Black Hands” behind these students, so we’d better get to the bottom of things”
I got to thinking recently about stressful situations and how they impact my ADHD. I mean, of course they don’t help anyone, but is it ten times worse for us ADHD’ers?
CNN's Tracy Sabo and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
Genre: Contemporary Fiction
He went back into the filling station to wait for summer.
Apart from Teuw Wales' decision not to run an official No campaign, and the result that there can be no official Yes campaign there are several reasons for this:
Low fat victoria sponge (recipe to follow on another blog!)
Earth & Fire Maybe tomorrow, maybe tonight NL
Squat lobsters are not pretty, and are in fact more closely related to crabs than lobsters, again, most of these end up abroad, but again, may be sold (Except in this country), precooked as “Scampi”
Clip only for products you need or use. When you don’t eat yogurt, own a dog, or have dentures, getting bargains on Activia, Alpo, and Polident is senseless. A good rule of thumb: if you have to think about clipping a particular coupon for more than a few seconds, skip it.
And laziness.
History has written all over the sands of the Maghreb of North Africa, and Libya in particular. It has always been under the thumb of one empire or another- from the Romans, the Spanish, the Vatican’s Knights of Malta, the Ottomans, and Mussolini’s Italy.
I often remind myself that skipping songs in my media player doesn’t fast forward time. It’s a curious habit of mine. Something that I always tend to do when I get impatient or just want time to go faster. I instinctively push that button that fast-forwards me to the next track. As if that would help me skip the waiting.
The first thing Stolik’s eyes resolved out of the haze were the bodies – four of them. Three German soldiers, their bodies bent and warped into unnatural positions before the darkened doorway of the shack. Stolik didn’t need to check to see that they were dead; how he couldn’t guess, but now was not the time. His nostrils flared at the scent of blood. He was glad his pistol was already drawn.
CLosER— CloSEr iN—
Mon, 12:10am: It’s okay. I will get through this.
And that's about it, a perfectly good piece of furniture for nothing, free ! and you can't really get much cheaper than that, all it needed was a sand and a good coat of something to feed the wood, a similar piece of furniture would cost quite a bit now, especially for solid wood.
There is no "parity" here, even for drivers. The formula is simple: the more powerful "legislators" get more money for their constituents, and every driver is worth as much as 4.5 transit riders.
Lightning speed how time fleets
“I’ll…keep that in mind,” Leonard said. Ishaq turned back to the blonde girl, and Leonard turned back to Nikolas. “Okay, then…you look like an emo punk.”
The Baroness, eager to show off her latest slice of chiseled man candy, and the Baron, itching to unveil his girl zombie and boy zombie (who have been dressed in orthopedic corsets and puffy shirts), the Frankenstein's sit down for supper. Suffice it to say, the awkwardness that transpires over the course of the meal is off the charts in terms of off-kilter one-upmanship. Since no-one is gonna come right out ask me who I thought came away from the bizarre show and tell victorious, I'll just go ahead and state that I thought the Baron won the day when it came to outdoing his spouse/sibling. He did, after all, make two people from scratch. All the Baroness did was hire a man to have sex with her on a semi-regular basis. The look on Nicholas' face when he sees that his friend's severed head has been transplanted onto the body of one of the Baron's zombies is pretty consistent with the trauma that normally accompanies that painful moment when you discover that the head of someone close to you has been relocated to a completely different torso.
Here’s the last picture we ever took of Avery. It was taken approximately 15-20 minutes before her lung collapsed and she went into cardiac arrest. She was sitting on her mommy’s lap looking at me and all it took to get her to smile this big was for me to keep saying “Hi”.
The most meaningful sentences of a lifetime are always accompanied by a look, a glance without which words wouldn't mean the same. We might have not given it some serious thought so far, but those looks remain in our memory, no matter what.
1 ba
P.S. Congrats to Yoochun for his award at the Baeksang Awards~! Although Yoohwan didn’t win to make it a legendary brother-brother win. =(
I hope you all have a wonderful day!
The time was now 7:30 PM and both the train and interstate were jammed.
Zulily can ship packages to street address in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii, plus all US territories and APO/FPO/DPO addresses. Note that packages containing liquids cannot be shipped outside of the contiguous United States. If you’re shipping to an APO/FPO address, you may need to call their service team to complete your order. If you’re shipping to a PO Box, Zulily may contact you for more information.
But on the negative side, another review stated that the Diet Solution program has no program for exercise meaning the Isabel de los Rios Diet Solution Program has no advice on the best exercise to lose weight. Moreover, Ms. De los Rios has released too much reading materials.
I have attempted to go Raw awhile back and it failed so I am very nervous, but I do believe I have more knowledge this time around and are more aware of the support and resources that are out there! So here’s hoping I can fix myself without the need of doctors!
And by mile 9, I was feeling the uphill A LOT and asked Derek and Shanda to pull back for a minute.
On Saturday, May 5th General S. Musselman decided to attack North Yardea. It was a slow attack. Very slow. Clods of dirt bombs were going off left and right, the General lost a few good blades of grassmen. But there were casualties on both sides, and one by one the weed body-count started to climb. There, the first 5×8 foot section was done.
Foreshadowing is just one of the plot devices in which Miller shows off her skills. Traveling to the school with her mother, Iris notices that “the mountainous peaks resembled teeth. The road stretched between them like a black tongue. And here we were, in our small vehicle, speeding toward that awful mouth.” One cannot help but wonder if the school will swallow Iris.
And hitch myself to some other star.
Our online casino has all the slots are no different from the real slot machines. So that you can start playing for real money immediately after the registration. Every day we accrue FUN chips for the fact that you could play your favorite slot machines for free.
This is just a sampling of the articles on the topic of the recent tornadoes. There are other “misfortunes” that come our way that can draw compassion. The loss of a job, a the loss of a loved one, a broken relationship, a sudden accident or illness … all of these are included in the “stricken by misfortune” concept. All are outlets for our compassion and our touch.
Is there really a job that does not require communication skills? Gates disabused the minds of those who assume that creating software is purely a solitary activity where you sit in an office with the door closed all day and write lots of code. He said: “This isn’t true at all,” adding that “it requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.”
If the Lord cares about the details of our lives like our luggage being lost, how much more He cares for each of the little ones who are lost from their families. He brought Lydia into our lives and we don't know all the details of how he worked things out for us to be together. We don't have to know everything, but He does and He is already there at the end of our lives knowing how the pieces fit together.
ice plant
The night ends and Ms. M prepares Paul’s bath. According to Ms. M, a tea bath has medicinal properties. Till this day I haven’t asked what went on that night back in Moscow, i may never know. But that next morning Paul’s skin looked fresher, a little darker, a little tea wrinkled maybe, but he had a skip in his step and a smile on his face you couldn’t remove even if he was hit with a baseball bat.
I love corn. I love warm-and-creamy comfort foods. I love spicy. I love dips. And this dip deliciously combines all these wonderful loves of mine. This recipe is from a friend of mine, who served it at her 40th birthday party. Let me just say, it was the hit of the party! (Well, aside from the guest-of-honor herself, of course.) And it's no wonder why. This dip is so, so, so good.
For dryers make work much less.
And I wonder, too, if we can sustain a culture of anything, considering how many students transfer in or drop out and are only on campus for a year or two. And how many of them live off campus and show up only for classes. So many of our students inhabit a different world from the one where I went to college, and where I taught as a grad student, and I don't know yet what that world looks like.
I am obsessive about visiting art galleries and museums and this gallery is one of our favorites! Situated on the waterfront in a super modern building, this gallery has the most inspiring and innovative exhibits, the sweetest gift shop and - yay! - ample parking. Plus, Thursday nights are free!
Cos I don’t know you well enough
I miss the days when I used to know an album from inside & out, like the back of my hand, from front to back.
An atheist professor of philosophy was speaking to his class on the problem science has with God the Almighty. He asked one of his new christian students to stand.
Our other main was a Vietnamese chicken stir-fry which was pleasant enough, if a little boring. A more generous hand with the lemongrass and chilli would have perked things up a bit.
This story is in response to a photo prompt from Madison Woods for her Friday Fictioneers. A big thank you to her for running the show. Read below for more information shamelessly copied from her page.
1 1/4 cup shredded cheddar
The first time I got a simple pepperoni and cheese slice and a mushroom slice. This time, cherry tomatoes, garlic, and tofu topped with Daiya, and a red onion and sausage slice.
- 18 Fat Free Rold Gold Tiny Twists: This kills 2 birds with 1 stone; Carbs & Salt. Yahtzee!
Round of daily blood tests.
Gang Of Four - Entertainment! & Yellow EP - 1979
Sheep have been added to the yard again, and they've managed to decimate a few favourite trees with their enthusiasm, but it wont be long now until harvest time, then we'll just be left with an old retiree, Pinky, to help keep the grass down, eliminating the need for a lot of the mowing.
Ha! Just had to add a close up on the photo. It is so revealing. I don't have any poker face whatsoever. I'm like an open book. I cut out the photo with a Nestabilities die (Large Circles) and the background from 1905 using another Nestabilities die called Lacey Circles.
at the absurdity of anything not being absolutely perfect
I wrote in a post that’s yet to be published that the Opryland Hotel’s what really did me in, sifting through pic after pic as I was early in the week. I know it’s silly, and I know they’ll repair it and build it back. It’s just seeing a place like that where you have a really strong, clear and special memory so devastated – that’s when it really hits home, when you’re having to watch like this from afar.
I'm pretty good at winging things ... I've had plenty of practice.
British Sea Power: Open the Door
In 1990, New Zealand was teetering towards economic recession. But the Labour Cabinet kept claiming right up to election day that the Government’s accounts were in surplus.
Maybe it’s time I thought seriously about getting help through Weight Watchers or a nutritionist. Outside support and encouragement might help me stay on track and see the bigger picture. I really am impatient about this. The more impatient I become the more lapses I have. This process is hard but, I’ve done it before. Now I need to do it in a way that is sustainable.
everyone pulling weight
Some Calvinists have agreed with Arminians that the group of people under discussion is truly saved. They even agree that that if someone who displays these attributes falls away they will be lost forever. However, the Calvinists who believe this also take the warning of the writer to be only hypothetical. To justify this belief these Calvinists draw upon the term “if” used in some translations. For example, the New King James renders this passage:
1. Fold and cut an A2 card (which is 5 1/2" by 4 1/4") and cut strips of designer paper that you would like on the card . Sponge edges of cardstock and designer paper, and round the corner of one side.
The Christmas Child ... TBN ... 12 AM
Idem English liberal democracy?
May 4, 5, and 6, 8am-6pm
Schlafly - Christmas Ale
If you place a frog in a pot of boiling water, it will immediately try to scramble out. (This is like the initial reaction when the first few of the eleven started falling down- many jumped out of ISKCON). But if you place the frog in room temperature water, and don’t scare him, he will stay put. Now if the pot sits on a heat source, and if you gradually turn up the temperature, something very interesting happens. As the temperature rises from 70 to 80 degrees, the frog will do nothing. As the temperature gradually increases, the frog will become groggier and groggier, until he is unable to climb out of the pot. Though there is nothing restraining him, the frog will just sit there. This is because the frog’s internal apparatus is geared to sudden changes, not to slow gradual changes.
However, poor mothers are actively resisting this model, as well as the stigmatized identity attached to it. There is another model of mothering that some poor mothers have created for themselves. This model is called the, “mother as provider,” model and dictates that any job won’t do if it does not pay a livable wage. These women are resisting the state sanctioned, “work first,” model and are instead fighting to get the education needed to properly provide as a head of household. Currently, a state does not have to support a University education, and many recipients who attend higher education must also fulfill compulsory work requirements, as well as the unpaid labor that is parenting.
Sorry I'm doing this kind of late. I've had a little bit of a buzy week and my siblings are computer hogs.
This fight, on my little brother's 13th birthday, started with a call to turn off the TV and set the table for our birthday dinner. I stomped around angrily, into the kitchen to get the plates, into the dining room to set them around the table.
*Eowyn removes her helmet*
Success Stories
There are still some places available on the Award in Community Development Work at Fircroft College of Adult Education.
Although willing to listen to my requests for no mention of sweeps or induction, I began to get pressured into agreeing to growth scans and was told that I only had two weeks and then my home birth request would not be granted. Two weeks took me to Christmas Eve, which I'm sure helped them decide to go off call for me :) Luckily for me, I went into labour on the 19th.
Before we start I wanna say since the xbox is made by Sony I would personally want to see windows 8 on this new xbox. Would’nt you, tell me in the comments section below and also tell me what you wanna see and I’ll add it and put your name and twitter.
So, here is me, doing what I love. Blogging. Enjoy my personal snaps from Salzburg, Austria. The land of The Sound Of Music - a musical I loved watching, while growing up! It's definitely a place I will love to return to, in the Summer, when the hills are donned with glorious sunshine, and decked with flowers amongst the meadows.
Open your heart and things happen.
I can’t get into specifics yet, so consider this one of those “Unspoken” requests. But the earth shifted beneath our feet last Sunday night and this past week has been a roller-coaster of emotions.
The tag line should come at the end of a TV ad.
the first day or two of our trip, i was still thinking this was a normal birthday trip, though we were looking for my wedding dress. we shopped hard, and i ended up with a dress that i had seen online and loved. i tried on a handful of dresses while sipping champagne, but kept coming back to the first dress. we stayed at aria for the second time. we love that hotel. and the pool.
And which is the vessel and which is not?
I must say, I find all sorts of stuff I would never have the time, or be able, to find otherwise, including a lot of great recipes and food related stuff...and book related stuff..and photography related stuff...and Maine related stuff and fly fishing related stuff ...Ok, you get the idea.
“Not really my responsibility, but as much as I can, I will try to be responsible that whatever I do sets the right example in front of young girls,” the 23-year-old said journalists while unveiling the Inaugural cover of India Today Women Health Magazine.
- Bluetooth Serial module
For a chance to win: Follow this blog, comment below, and tell me which card one to pick.
I cannot escape the noise.
Comparing Blackberry Bold with iPhone-2
-Projects MUST be NEW, and not backlinked
kiss pumpkin patterns 157
Can you see the freaking ants all over the small buds? Oh, they sting too, the darn things. Some of the other bunches of flowers had double the amount of ants. It is kind of yuk, isn't it?
Listen to the April 29 interview with Drake, which seems to be from the real Drake and not one of his clones (however, McCollum seems to have taken care of that); this is the first time he addresses the ET issue — and he seems to be taking it right from this blog.
Charlie Chaplin was the Tramp in almost all his films, so all his films, in some way, dealt with want. His first Depression-era movie, City Lights (1931), was a melodrama; a love story that depended on the poverty of its two leads to set up the gags. It could have been set in 1900 as easily as 1931. But his second, Modern Times (1936) does not present a poor man so much as a poor society, and the gags rely not on the Tramp’s poverty, but on the root cause of everyone else’s.
At which point, the pundits swarmed: Was the women’s movement — responsible for ushering women out of the kitchen and into the workplace — to blame for this happiness gap? Were women themselves at fault for not taking proper care of themselves? There must be something wrong with you if you’re not happy, the media howled. Blame yourself! Blame feminism! Blame your choices! Whatever you do, don’t assume it’s the rational response to life itself or to a workplace that has not changed to accommodate the new reality: though women represent close to half of the workforce, the workplace still operates like a set from “Mad Men”as if the ideal employee is one with Betty Draper at home to take care of business.
Here’s how that went down-
“Hey” he said “Grab your things
Good Morning Dear Friends, Wow it's cold here, well I feel cold temp. is 65deg. and rain is coming either tomorrow or Friday.
Instead of acknowledging that uncomfortable fact in his "fact finding," Judge Berchelmann employs a bizarre term of art, saying the court's internal procedures represented an "oral tradition," not unwritten rules. An "oral tradition" - as though the Court of Criminal Appeals were some Native American tribal council passing down the stories of their ancestors.
One former Khmer Rouge Commander, Comrade Duch, converted to evangelical Christianity in the years after the regime fell.
Bring it.
The decorating magazines show all white interiors and stress shades and textures with a pop of color. Mother Nature was the original decorating doyenne--Move over Martha!
4 T soy sauce
The 115mm length and 7mm diameter belie it's rather surprisingly substantial presence in the hand. Thats clearly an effect of the knurled grip zone and its weight to size ratio from all that metal componentry.
“They're quietly engineering a revolution in marketing.” “So is it working?” is the question that the article poses. Instead of sales data, they give us a quote from some executive director of something or other. Nonetheless, the stock price has been growing nicely so I guess it is fair to assume that sales have been good.
Why can't we live in bliss?
We are looking forward to our next show, probably in the spring. Here are a few pics from our spot. If you look closely, you will see some of my finished projects.
I head home around 9pm most days (7 on Saturdays), though I tend to stay a little late at night to help clean, or to answer questions from my students, put away my materials, and sometimes do a little prep for the next day. While I have been cooking more, recently, I still tend to pick something up on the way home from the convenience store. I'll tell you more about my cooking experiences soon. I spend my evenings catching up on internet stuff and generally relaxing.
We walked the river on the most perfect day for river walking. She had her fancy new shiny pram with a matching shiny new baby boy in it. I love prams, the right pram can change a Mums day, but that is another story.
2. What puts a spring in your step?
I’ll admit that they’re not universally inept. Many of them can capture and tear apart a fast-moving hunk of raw meat more efficiently than I’m ever likely to; they’re often enviably cute; and those spiders which can leap out and grab something faster than you can blink are pretty cool. But in general, the point stands.
I'm hoping that these will get better the more I do them but I don't think that's too bad a start. Please remember that you can always visit me at Art Is Autobiographical if you want to see how the drawing is going...oh, and if you follow the blog you will automatically be entered into a competition to win an original drawing. I put all the names in a hat and select one at random ever month so you have a chance to win every month.
3. Look for any cues that may help to "catch" it before the next occurence. While you may not be able to predict all of the meltdowns, just being able to intercept a couple here and there will make a big difference...for both of you. Your child can gradually learn his own triggers and learn other ways to calm himself/herself down. If I see it coming, distraction to something else can usually steer us clear of another storm.
When one is used to watching the consumption level like a hawk during driving, always striving to never exceed 5.0 L/100km, it’s very disconcerting to watch the gauge rises to 10, 15, 20 L/100 km during this warm-up and stay there, EVEN when you release the accelerator and coast in neutral or come to a stop. Because of our lengthy education through Green Venture about the evils of idling one’s vehicle, this oddity of the hybrid doing its darnedest to idle makes the veins on my head twitch when it occurs.
1 continuing
keys of my crotch
To say I’m at my wits end doesn’t really cover it. And what is most ironic about this, I know that my stressing about the situation only makes the situation that much worse. It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy, and many days I wonder if the key to eating in general is to not care where I get the food from, but to just enjoy eating again.
Cast on 10 stitches, join for knitting in the round, Magic Loop Technique, (or DPNs' in the round)
BINTY MCSHAE: Aye! me an’ all. Yeh awright Jimmy? Have a drink, go on, have one
V/A - The Decline of Western Civilization (Slash 1980, comp with Black Flag, Germs, Catholic Discipline...yellow label)
“Nancy, I…”
2) some of the food need to order 1 day in advance, like double boiled soup
In the MoMA installation they constructed a very logical narrative starting with his early days in Burbank (the section is called “Surviving Burbank”), coming into his own as a creative thinker (“Beautifying Burbank”), and then they segue to his work in feature film in a third and final section (“Beyond Burbank”).
My heart is drawn to Mrs. Kennedy in her obvious compassion for her husband. I identify with her sense of the weight of the burdens he bore, and with her desire to ease his distress. Although the responsibilities of the pastor do not compare with the weighty decisions of the President of the USA and their possible consequences of national importance, like the President, that’s where the buck stops if something goes wrong. And though the pastor is not involved in international wars, the spiritual impact of a pastor can have eternal results in the battle for good over evil.
Italy doesn’t just speak to me; it calls to me like a Siren. So when I heard there was a new Italian restaurant in town, I sped down the Anthony Henday to the newly opened Vivo like Mario Andretti to the finish line.
‘It’s no bother.’
No, those are not your daily Triple Pick lotto numbers. Sadly, they are the age(s) of the guy I went on a date with prior to Thanksgiving. I was under the assumption he was 43. Notsomuch. Recently, I ran across his profile with the following information (now) included.
He always make me happy. I’m not sure why I call him Pepito. But when I saw him, that’s the first thing that came to my mind. Incidentally, my friend had a pet chicky called Pepito too, though I think they are mutually independent events. Yeah, erm.. noticed I used “had”, well, her pet became dinner.
Definitely, Socotra is having a hoary past, and it is not just 'persian violets' there!
It's a crazy week over here. Major house works, ill child, so much sorting and planning and deciding.....
The ECD asks the chap if he really feels that he is a has-been hack.
All you do is set your browser to search for images of the record covers… start hovering your mouse over the images – that way, the sites hosting said images will be displayed.
Mexicasa Salad with Tomato Chili Dressing
And holy SHITBALLS I SO DID IT! And it really wasn't too dramatic! I will not step out and say easy cause that isn't the case, but it definitely still wasn't as hard as my Week 1 Day 1 workout was. Week 2 consists of running 90 sec intervals and walking 120 second intervals for 30 mins.
- I can Wiggle
i notice more and more hijabers are into photoshoots. i notice that photographers have 'muslimah photoshoot' or sewaktu dengannya. i realise there are contests in facebook yang the grand prize mesti ada 'photoshoot'. and then, the participants mesti ada yang gambar memang dari photoshoot ngan photographer mana entah siap watermark kat picture tu kan. and i notice some proudly call themselves 'model muslimah'.
-Possible: If there were no limits on the number of nominees per category, then surely this nomination would happen, but the limited number of spots means that at least some in this category will not make the cut.
1/3 cup pesto
And it's got me missing my Swatch watches too. The ones with the pastel straps. Mine were pink and blue. Some of the girls preferred the white and yellow. But we all agreed that there was no point in wearing them if you didn't wear them two at a time. Man, you were nothin' at my jr. high school if you didn't have at least two Swatch watches!
My ideal, very simple, weekly 6th Grade Language Arts lesson plan looks something like this:
You have to grow, in my opinion, in order to do this. You can run up against some emotional baggage along the way. That’s ok. Hopefully you will learn to use that as fuel.
Here’s the one to Ephesus, so you don’t have to scroll up a bunch (because I know you’ve forgotten that part already…):
The children love the tree so much. Already they remember the familiar ornaments from years past, unravelling the paper towels I wrapped them in the previous January with delight. Geekygirl is now a very opinionated decorator, and Geekyboy, just shy of four, looks at the tree reverently, and says "it is so beautiful, mummy".
I hope you see a genuine pattern in most of my contents on this website,
I don’t consider myself to be an optimist or a pessimist, although I have had various people tell me I see things on the negative side. I have honest and truly sat back and listened to them. At times in my life, I was very negative. But I don't believe all of the time.
Hatch M, Molen J. Women, work, and health. Am J Ind Med 1997; 32: 303-308.
But as with any talent, you must have realized that this is one big world we live in. There is always room for improvement, and although your work might speak for itself, a degree behind you may be just what employers are looking for. Therefore, you muster all your reserves; you pack your easel, your brushes, and your palette and head north to the nearest art college.
Isn't the blue ombre fun? Sky of blue and sea of green in my yellow submarine!
15. Cooking I: Bringing Back Bacon, Eggs and Butter
Clark later admitted the song was about drugs as well as the flight to London. A radio trade journal article decrying the song's drug connotations caused many American radio stations to take it off their playlist, which is probably why it reached only #14 on the Billboard "Hot 100." (It's astonishing to me that a song that was so radically experimental made it to #14. AM radio music in the 1960s was really, really good.)
To: Woodcock, Ray
The reason was that we live in Gujarat, one of the few states in our country that’s power surplus. That means we very rarely face a power failure. As a result, my daughter, ever since she was a little girl has been afraid of power failures (Power failures and not necessarily the dark as she sleeps with all lights turned off). As she grew older she would try to put up a brave face whenever such a situation arose but I knew the fear was there as she would hover around me, touch me on some pretext or the other.
What I have to do to get through.
I've been fiddling with making a little flowery 'picture'.....
When I was waiting tables for years after college I became obsessed with the idea of being a puppeteer, like the guy in La Double Vie de Veronique. I would stage creepy puppet plays in my mind (always, only). I did a day internship with the Red Moon Theater Company (it was supposed to be a summer long internship). I realized with horror that day that to be a puppeteer you had to actually make things and I quickly lost interest.
Life’s greatest purpose is immersing your great spirit into the realm of duality (light and dark, wisdom and arrogance, etc) and finding your way out of it.
11. Chadwicks black and white dress, $4.99
The only real way for healing and growth to take place is by sharing the unadulterated, un-’created’ truth. Allowing a child to build fantasies based on a fabricated tale of love and loss by birth parents is misleading and deceitful. And the ramifications could be enduring.
$37 gift certificate drawing (1 chance per listing purchased)
He took off walking and I went in the opposite direction to get the car.
His comments are what the Vampire Diet is not. Those kind of self-righteous pronouncements are exactly what is wrong with the world of healing obesity. Instead of focusing on what thou-shalt-eat and what thou-shalt-not-eat why not focus on the benefits of getting healthy and have a little tongue-in-cheek fun along the way? Instead of pronouncements, let’s just get dressed up and Halloween our way to something better. Isn’t it more fun to pretend to find your inner vampire (or pirate, or ninja or whatever you like) than to “diet” or “lose weight”? (That’s a rhetorical question, by the way). The dieting-advice world needs to lighten up…and not in the low-fat or weight reduction sense of the phrase. I’m talking about getting over ourselves, and enjoy life. If you take the fear and anger out of living, all you have left is happiness and contentment. Ditto for dieting.
Of course the trump card here for Usain is that he has performed his best two times under the spotlight of the Olympics and World Championships. Which reminds me of a Maurice Greene quote. When asked how he felt his WR 9.79 compared to the 9.84 record of Donovan Bailey that he took down, Mo said in effect “his came on the big stage”! Because world records set in the Games and Worlds take on a superhuman persona. Those races seem bigger than life. and those that run them become bigger than life. And setting records in both – double records at that – has given Bolt the persona of being bigger than life. But at the end of the day – or perhaps I should say prior to taking to the blocks – he still has to pull his designer uniform over his head just like the other competitors, and lace up his yam colored shoes just as they do.
5And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.
There's more I could write about, about the days that ensued--the warzone my neighborhood became, the random people sobbing in the street, the haze of acrid holocaust smoke that hovered in the air for months, the bomb threats, the subway evacuations, the way we all slept with our sneakers on and a bag packed next to the bed on so we could escape at a moment's notice. But it's depressing me. And I'm supposed to be happy. Remember, my birthday? Happy birthday to me. Yippee.
The rest of the construction was pretty uneventful, and that evening, when my husband joined us, we grilled dinner and took turns trying out the new chair. I loved it. I couldn't wait to build more. But, things and stuff and life got in the way and we didn't find time to expand our furniture building. I purchased additional Adirondack chairs from L.L. Bean and World Market to fill my patio. Our lone custom chair creation was sanded and painted a couple of times in a couple of different shades. A few winters, it stayed on the patio when other furniture went to storage...so that I would have somewhere other than just the steps to sit during random nice days. It was loved, but neglected. And, now this classic beauty is showing it's age. One side is starting to rot.
Then I went to lunch with a friend who doesn't have a (water) horse in this race. She voted for the boy too.
(3) The theological formulations that jelled between the Council of Nicaea (325) and the Council of Constantinopel (381) had reflected an accommodation with Greek thought, and so had the work of the great Augustine (354-430). In this period, the metaphors that early Christians used to describe their experience of and faith in Jesus of Nazareth were reinvented in the categories of Hellenistic metaphysics. Obviously, the movement from religious expression which began, essentially, as poetry, which prizes ambiguity and allusiveness, to religious philosophy, which values precision above implication, represents a decisive shift.
Catch up on all emails
Estate sales and yard sales
Likelihood of terrorist attack:
I will have to retrace the pattern and figure out how to fit my new shape (this is a SWAP goal). My former shape required a 1 3/4 inch spread when doing a traditional Y shape FBA. I think my new shape requires a 3/4 inch spread (not as reduced as I requested, evidently!). I had this surgery in June and I am still unable to wear a traditional b r a – I’m still wearing a sport’s b r a and will be for quite a few more months. Therefore, I’ve been told, I have a uniboob. Sigh. (Mothers!) And I’m quite self-conscious in posting photos. What is still healing are the underlying muscles – there is no way I can even wear a larger size band for 5 minutes. So I have no idea what my final size will be but I’m thinking a D cup based on my latest attempt at trying on b r a’s.
Her daughter, María de los Angeles Verón, is believed to have been kidnapped and forced into prostitution, becoming one of the millions of human trafficking victims in the world.
Wyeast 3711 French Saison 1.5 qt starter
Make no mistake about it: The consequences of these choices are being seen now in all Western societies and it amounts to suicidal madness because such choices are a conscious denial of reality.
Yes…. I am contemplating subscribing to Mint also….
What I like most about these fries is how crispy they turned out! I typically hesitate buying frozen fries because I've yet to find ones that aren't soggy. Although I baked these in the oven, they tasted like they were straight from the deep fryer!
This workshop will be held on:
Well, a few months back, she gave me a short list, and among her wish list
Syria has sealed the country off from foreign journalists and most international observers, insisting that foreigners are meddling, making it difficult to independently verify information coming out of the country. The government’s violent crackdown has led to sharp international criticism and sanctions aimed at isolating the regime, including a ban on the import of Syrian oil, a mainstay of the regime.
Obama went to an openly anti-white, i.e. "racist", church. It certainly isn't beyond the bounds of discourse to bring this up and to question whether it disqualifies him from the presidency. Romney's case is a bit different, since he belongs to a large, organized religion that is more or less accepted within the mainstream of American culture. Nevertheless, many Americans, myself included, haven't failed to note the weirdness of many Mormon beliefs. Do these beliefs disqualify him from the presidency? Probably not, and not because the beliefs aren't strange or irrational. No, I think we just have to accept that many people hold weird beliefs that don't necessarily impinge upon their ability to think and act rationally in other areas.
I love these ones and in particular the smoky quartz to the right on the beautiful heart adorned and purple jewel encrusted stand. I have a thing about hearts and so I often see the tiniest hearts hiding where others tend to miss this detail.
- Color: Red + Black + Blue- Intellectual development cool DIY toy car- Made of ABS material- 1:32 scale- Easy to assemble and play- Comes with assembly diagram- Powered by 2*AA batteries (not included)
But, I said, with my best Christian attitude, ‘Oh yes, I remember, thank you for coming to visit again but I am really not interested, I do have my Catholic God and my husband is still an atheist, we do wish you well with you ministry, good bye and have a good day!’
Hope we see through to next Wedding Anniversary.
Thank you God for never giving up on me – may I continue to look to You and the blessings you have for me.
We went out on Friday and that was pretty much a wrap on Saturday. I ended up staying out all night with Björn (2nd AC) and Spike (video) and good lord Vikings can drink. We had Indian food and beers then went bowling with beers and then went to see a metal show with beers. I won the bowling... match? What the hell do you call a round of bowling? It's not really a game is it? Whatever, I was victorious and I don't even bowl so maybe Crom is looking out for me this time.
The obvious lesson here is that you should pursue downward mobility by moving every few years to poorer and poorer places in the world, right? As the aforementioned article also points out, moving does provide an opportunity to evaluate what’s worth piling in a moving van. Yet I’ve often talked about the importance of place and putting down roots. So, perhaps the solution is a discipline of seasonal cleaning. We already have this cultural concept of “spring cleaning“, but how many of us practice it? Choose a time of year to give your stuff a good cleaning and share with others out of your abundance.
First, let me tell you a little bit about Dandelion!
Just checking my petticoat is in place. A girl always needs to check up on her undergarments.
As many of you know, I make random remarks on the ever popular Facebook, and I know that many of the people on my “friends” list think I am amusing. They think my remarks “quirky” and my wit dry, but a very select few of them KNOW that there is more truth in those words than the average person would be comfortable with.
The biggest story by the media Vultures involves our captain, El Capitan. They always feed us with clichés that Barca will do this and Barca will do that but they have decided to switch over to their rivals, Real Madrid. They report that the 9-time Champions League winners are willing to offer us £35m for his services but should they sign Nuri Sahin of recent Bundesliga champions Dortmund, they’ll tell us to ‘fuck off’ politely. If the combined crappiness combo of Milner and Torres could command £85m, Arsenal’s captain should be worth at least more than half of these two players equating a starting price of £42.5m. Even though if the info sounds crappy, I’m sick and tired of teams talking too much and unsettling players when they can afford them. I have a slight hunch that the prospect of being a Barcelona player fucked Fabregas’ psyche in the early part of the season so he struggled with form. Look at our Blue neighbours Chelsea; on the last day of the winter transfer window, Carlo the Cannibal told his boss that he needed to sign just two players that would help his cause. Out of the blue, £71m surfaced from nowhere and the Italian manager signed Torres and David Luiz. If a club brings £71m for Fabregas, I’m pretty sure that Mr. Kroenke and Mr. Gazidis would choke on their wine and hold a serious meeting with AW. In Football Manager, your board won’t even give 2 fledgling fucks about you before selling the player off.
Your passion, when fully focused on, directs strong energy for creating and fulfilling your heart’s desire.
That last part is a joke. Don’t ever buy me pants.
TIME- 09-13.09.2009 was the theme carried on for the event known as AfrikaBurn. Modeled after the American burning man, AfrikaBurn brings a community and participatory essence to South Africa.
We pray and we bring Thee our homage of tears,
1. Boys can sit in front of a scary movie and not close their eyes once.
So, I thought we were at the light of the end of the tunnel...
Now we look forward with faith, and we are ready to move ahead. Life is a collection of little circles. Concentric and interlocking.
The audience was a rather large one and initially they gave this diminutive songstress their undivided attention, taking in every moment of her angelic voice. She dropped a cover of Mental As Anything’s “Live It Up,” which actually came across as a rather broody and atmospheric number by a femme fatal, about a million light years away from the glistening pop of the eighties original. It received loud cheers but these soon dissipated when Groom switched over to the Autoharp. She would finish with “Siren Song” and “An Ache”.
And then — she shoves past me into my house and sits on my sofa and blabs at me for 30 minutes. And because I feel so badly about yelling and I worry so much about hurting anyone’s feelings, I can’t say what I really want to say, “Get the F**K out of my house and offa my yard!”
For this next challenge we are lucky enough to have Inktegrity as our sponsor. They are giving the winner a $10 Gift Certificate to use in their store. Thanks so much!
It seems fairly obvious to me that blending is a good thing, I mean why not? Take some good beers, unique recipes, several ingredients. Then mix them, with other beers, with care which also have several ingredients. Find the best combination. Sell the fucker.
“Can’t wait for this week to be over.”
These kits were gathered with children ages 6-12 in mind. Parents may need to help their students, especially younger children, with some aspects of this kit.
The computer industry came of age in the 1990s, that giddy phase of American and European history when authoritarianism was assumed to be on the wane. For sure, it's still nice to live in a liberal democracy, but given that the world has since moved in no end of sinister directions, isn't our unthinking embrace of the cloud ... an ill-advised throwback?
and i realize, too, that at not-quite-two, we haven't really had to face serious situations where we find ourselves at forks in the road where choices get difficult and complicated. but we have always parented out of respect – first and foremost.
growing feet, infant cloth feet, animal
This one is fun because a lot of times my family can come too! We use this to eat out after church, go out on dates, get my hair cut, go on fun outings with the family, etc.
Overnight Wash
This last one is really important. Let me say that I am a BIG fan of happy endings. I will not try and explain or defend that. It’s who I am as a reader. I want the Good Guys (and Gals) to come out on top and the Bad Guys (and Gals) to go up in an immensely satisfying explosion. Part of my job as a writer is to make sure that who I am as a reader doesn’t interfere with what I’m writing.
(I open her door and out falls her bag.)
Also, thanks to everyone reading this. I'd be lost without my readers!
5. Avoid carrying back packs until your back acne clears up. This would prevent your back from heating up which results to more perspiration and breeding ground for bacteria that causes back acne.
Could it really last?
I also kept praying that 30 Rock wouldn't win anything. It gets boring when the same show wins year after year. Perplexing that Hang Over won best comedy. Funny, yes. But the whole male-bonding-road-trip-movie is played. Disappointed of course that Kathyrn Bigelow didn't win best director win for Hurt Locker, but next to her ex-husband's Avatar, that's like Davy fighting Goliath. Take me to the blue planet. Take me to Pandora.
So the first batch of engagement photos were shot at a boathouse. My fiance LOVES rowing...he's been doing it for 12 years! He is now a coach for a high school girls' club team and he is so passionate about it.
heard but unseen,
of personality. Contradiction in coherence
Alejandro Escovedo - Real Love” - So good that I get distracted and can’t focus when it’s on... That’s a good thing!
*my cat, Moses.
It described in gruesome detail
So far, it’s not clear why any of these individuals have been arrested. No announcements have yet been made by the CNRDRE. Interim President Dioncounda Traoré, for his part, seems not to have been informed of the arrests in advance.
2 remove
Penguin have combined my two favourite things in their latest themed series - books and food. The all new 'Great Food' series, due to release this April will feature around 20 books, which cover 'the funniest, most delicious food literature from the past 400 years'.
Aside from the interested parties
The low points for Chambers and Holland both came in January. For Chambers it was finding out that he would lose Junior Jake O’Brien, the team’s leading rebounder, for the remainder of the season to a foot injury he’d sustained on a New Year’s Eve loss to UMass.
I reluctantly follow him into the meeting room where we sit in silence for a few minutes
Thanks for taking the time to read this post! I know it was a long one! And good luck to each and every one of you!
As I emerge blinking from the tunnel under the Thames, I realise I've allowed too much time for my journey. I've over-compensated for the usual slow crawl, that sees hundreds of cars filter through the toll booths into the tunnel like grains of sand through an egg-timer, and now I know I'll get there much too early.
Ladle batter onto large skillet or griddle and cook.
Elder Carlisle
I envy people who are risk-takers — those who throw away their life of convenience to get what they really want. You know, the ones who stick it to The Man. The gutsy ones.
Garofalo
These are the little moments that I cherish and try to lock away in my heart.
50g pine nuts, lightly toasted
A blooming explosion erupted right behind her; swallowing up what was left of the area, the outgoing fire, and everything else–while picking up the fleeing woman and pitching her.
Despite the fact that the last time I've ever "performed" in front of an audience was in the 3rd grade dressed up as a spider with a trumpet, I absolutely had to go. Vagina? Monologues? Females only? Hmm. Mangina, check. Shit to monologue about, check. Female, - federally? Sure! Check. Manginas have monologues, too. The way I figger it, the history of Eve Ensler's The Vagina Monologues is rooted in using this verbatim theatre to challenge taboos around sexuality and to heighten sexual empowerment. And this has stemmed to trans women also, with pieces like They Tried to Beat the Girl Out of my Boy (and Calpernia Adam's Beautiful Daughters, which explores the trans female experience). So what about actively challenging prejudice and discrimination when it comes to trans men, also?
And the Saturday mornings at his Grandfather's hardware store inspired his designs using corrugated steel, chain link fencing, unpainted plywood...
to clever with
- Entertain them.
Recommended readings and references include but are not limited to:
First off, when you speak, not that everything you say has to be interesting, but just be sure that it is not unnecessary/invalid/awkward/etc etc. ei- person 1: So I had a daisy planted in my garden last week, it’s growing out prett-; person 2: I have daisies, lots of daisies in my garden.
Height: Height of Die + 1" (top fold-over flap) + 1/4" (bottom fold-over tab)
I know that Mike sometimes cites here the sign in the hearse out front saying, "Reservations Accepted, Ghost Relations Department, Disneyland," which seems to be both Disneyland-bound AND a part of the show, but for me that's just one more reason to dismiss the whole hearse gag as an ill-conceived idea from the beginning. It would be tolerable if they got rid of the suspended harness and the sign.
Anyway...... she seemed to sense that the flowers were from Denise and her other chickens and she had to go and have a look and sniff them!
“Adversity is a fact of life. It can’t be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.”
I thought long and hard about what part of Organization I wanted to share with each of you, and finally settled on the Kitchen-the hub of our home. We have two beautiful daughters who have ALWAYS been on the go with sports/activities, so keeping our kitchen organized was essential to things running smoothly. Lunches were easy to pack, meals easily prepared, and any necessary paperwork/information was always within reach. So, with that said...I'll walk you around a few places of importance in our kitchen.
‘Sorry love’, I reply, ‘It’s been an emotional few… Oh fuck it, it’s just been emotional’.
What really happen is that it is not gourmet EVERY. SINGLE. NIGHT.
Davis’s presentation was very engaging, and I feel more prepared as both an intern and future PR/marketing professional.
and set off to look for him.
These two images makes me want to know more about the cultural exchange between Germany and France between the world wars. It seems like such a creative era, cruelly interrupted by the fascist movement. Claude and her partner, Suzanne Malherbe, was in the resistance during the second world war, at Jersey. They showed an astonishing amount of courage and was nearly killed because of their efforts to discourage the nazi enemy.
all that is left now is tossing all the ingredients to make one wholesome dish…
Side-kick: Yeah, I would…
After running the Phoenix Guard in the last tournament, I decided to bring them along again. If they are affected by Glittering Robes, they will have a 3+ AS and 4+ Ward Save. Not too bad, for an elf. The Banner of Sorcery is a must have to generate more power dice.
The second person was Norman Grock. Norman and I met and corresponded through a group called, Zero 2 Illo. I was immediately impressed by his imagination, characters and skill level. Norman has the rare talent of not only being able to create characters but also being able to build worlds and universes from his imagination. His work explores the young male imaginative fantasy world in a beautiful and fanciful way. After the group was over we continued to speak with one another critiquing our respective work and new pieces. We shared childhood interests and inspirations that made us want to draw. Needless to say of the group we would be the ones to geek out over comic books, fantasy, video games, MegaMan or sci-fi movies! Norman is a hard working, witty,sarcastic and intelligent individual with a heart of gold. Again, the stars were aligned for me when he expressed interest in my project.
Two movies about Carthaginian conqueror Hannibal Barca are in production at the moment, one starring Denzel Washington and the other, Vin Diesel. Well, historically he came from Tunisia, right? That's in Africa, right? One can envision the producers scrabbling through the drawers to find a world map and then giving up.
The Sadness quit crying. She looked her new companion straight in the eyes. "But...but who are you?"
But Ms Dial of the True and Robust COP Loyalist is speaking out against it, she wants mayorship or nothing….Ms Dial, Prakash the Gonad-less has already accepted nothing…..so while I admire your fortitude, trust me, the “Eat Ah Food” posse in the COP going to hunker down and chew harder and faster.
They must, essentially, reawaken some of what they were born with—the God-given, inexplicable, ultimately undefeatable capacity to move in the direction of their own, unique interests, abilities, beliefs and dreams.
Round 3: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next dc. Repeat from * around. Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3. (30 dc)
I was born on November 11, 1992. I have a big sister who’s three years older than me.
and they're pretty smart.
Now, on the good/realistic side, the orc archers in the towers obey all of the line of sight rules, so you can find safe spots in the courtyard. Still, for a group that was lower level and facing a fully aggro courtyard, going could be a bit rough. You might find yourself exposed to fire from above at a critical point and not find cover in time.
Lately I’ve been eating as many morels as my wallet will allow, and when it comes to cooking them, my best advice is this: keep it simple. Many people like to add minced shallots or garlic, or a squeeze of lemon, or chives, or wine, or whatnot, but not me. I say, let ‘em be. Their flavor is delicate, nutty, and fleeting, and it needs only butter and a little cream to coax it out. I cooked some today with a small shallot – which is pretty classic, recommended by countless recipes and cookbooks – but its sweet, pungent fragrance just smothered the poor things. From here out, I’m sticking with my usual, bare-bones method, outlined below. It’s only a rough guide, and you need not really measure: you could use more or less of nearly any ingredient, and the end result wouldn’t suffer. You could even use another wild mushroom, if morels aren’t available.
Not that that excuses you if you then say, well I’m just an innately nasty, selfish, greedy person, so therefore allow me to be that person!
It was Jacob's "hopsital" as Hope so adorably calls it. Jacob is getting out next week! He is doing awesome and they are ready for me to come and get him!
Nuvogue
We are having a Design Team Call which will run for 2 weeks, closing at 9pm on Monday 20th June. We are looking for several new DT members so if you would like to apply, please leave a link on Mr. Linky with a link to one of your favourite pieces of work.
And finally, more patterns to stitch! I purchased the two in the back and Hannah Skinner from Kathy at Carriage House Samplings. The little angel was a snag off Ebay.
How to Turn your Odds in the Casinos
Saying that, I can’t manage to listen to this song all day as it would render me completely cathartic and unable to do anything. I’ve only ever listened to it sober but I imagine on some type of drugs, would take it to a whole different level.
My back pain limits how much I can do. And my memory is also going, and I’m realizing the limitations that will mean too. Don’t get me wrong, I’m still functional, I just function differently. I’m getting some insights on what it means to get old and frail. My next door neighbor is 93, and can’t walk much because of a stroke. She spends her days sitting in a chair watching TV. I can now see a path from where I’m at, to where she’s at. I know I’ve got to be prepared for a lot more limitations. Maybe it’s lucky that I have all that practice at watching TV, because if I had been an extreme sports kind of guy it would have been much harder to give it all up.
Pretty much around three months ago, Mr. Baddie and I moved into our new apartment in the centre of Berlin. It’s a lovely, bright place with an incredible amount of roomy built-in closets (which are mostly filled with my shoes; no, really). It does have some unexpected features, however. Like no visible wires for lamps. Yep, the ceilings are smooth as a baby’s bottom. So when we were unpacking during several winter days when it got dark around 4, we had to do it one room at a time, travelling with our single free standing lamp accordingly. We still have this problem, by the way.
The weather is expected to stay mostly sunny tomorrow, with a maximum of 23C, and a partly cloudy 25C on Monday. Those attending the Show today will be treated to a shearing and wool-handling competition.
Steve, from Creature Feature, shared how these creatures he brought, knowing that even they know him well (he cares for them as pets), he can do things that will bring them back to their wild nature, and attack when they feel threaten. As pet owners he said, we need to know that.
“I noticed you have my first name and my middle one in your phone,” Mr. T said.
While this dress probably doesn’t have any of those features, it did seem to convert my breasts into Lara Croft-like wireframes. I suppose that’s a score for the men. Otherwise, I fear that patters might do to men what they do to the eye. Confuse.
At any rate here goes. as I understand it Saddam had a pet project involving the recreation of Babylon, on the site of the original and in spring of 2004 we were lucky enough to do a walk through on the way back from another site. From what I understand it wasn't actually completed (and I have no idea what the current status is). Anyway I took these in spring of 2004.
In addition to fighting fires in Alaska, Hot Shot crews from here often are called to battle blazes in the Lower 48 states. There's a major state base for the crews near the airport I pass on the way into town.
There’s a whole lot of backstory to be developed before the world sees those 78 flashy stories.
He was dumped in the holding cells of Westonaria police station for 'public drunkenness', said constable Lienkie Lefekane 'for the obligatory four-hour drying out period. Olivier, claimed Lefekane, was then "discovered hanging in his cell when police officers checked on him." The police did not say whether Olivier was in the cell alone that Tuesday-night.
5. Add eggs, sugar and vanilla and whiz with the electric mixer for 3-4 minutes until the mixture begins to whip up in volume.
“What happened?” He frowned at the cut.
Like a lot of York it plays upon its olde worlde charm, you sit amongst the rafters on old wooden benches looking up at the antique hunting trophies that adorn the walls.
I was never exposed to the Black Mask before this, but after this, I am very pleased. I laughed so hard at his scenes. His character is blowing a gasket at how the Red Hood is beating down his criminal empire, and he takes it out on every henchman he has. Slugging them left and right, and ultimately, fending for himself when danger comes crashing through his window. I found the character immensely entertaining here, but I’m sure, in normal circumstances, he’s portrayed in a more calm, in control, and vile fashion. Wade Williams just delivers an entertaining, personality rich performance that practically makes the whole movie for me.
1 destroying
James was 25 years older than his wife and had been scarred by smallpox. Mary allegedly burst into tears when she first saw him on November 23, 1673, the day of their second marriage ceremony, but they eventually warmed to each other, and she set about winning over his two young daughters from his first marriage to Anne Hyde.
Arabic coffee is brewing next to the lentils
Kid #2 Steel beam? Those things weigh a ton. Literally.
Also sliding from favor are carpeted floors and vinyl and ceramic flooring (hardwood has become more desirable) and “upscale kitchen finishes” as granite countertops gradually give way to low-maintenance, more durable laminate countertops.
He started recording with some local underground artists and it went well for a while but he later decided to spread his wings and pursue his own path and squash the whole group idea. “It wasn’t for me, I just didn’t mesh with those brothers, we all had creative differences and like crabs in a bucket they tried to push down each other …not my style” he said
Macari Katherine’s Field Sauvignon Blanc 2008
Yesterday, a reader asked if I mail internationally. Dude, I'll mail OPE zine to anyone in the world who has four dollars. If you have eight dollars, I'll mail you two.
Here is this little guy, not yet two. He's learned so much but still had so much to learn. He could not yet know what was real and what was make believe. He did not yet understand the nuances of our language. This child (as are all children) was literal. What he was watching was a very unpleasant scene where a man was threatening someone with a gun and he was soaking it all up like a sponge. Is this one of the first scenes I wanted my child to witness? If it was real would I try to shield it from him? The answers came flooding in. If this was really happening I would be horrified that my son was a witness to it, yet to him IT WAS really happening and HE WAS witnessing it!
It's Canada Day today and, to celebrate, a very light rain fell in the morning. I was grateful for that because I wasn't feeling great and didn't feel like hauling (yet more) stones. The weather somehow justified staying indoors. In addition, the harvest wheat I planted a week ago started to germinate and I wondered whether I would have to figure out a way to irrigate it. Problem solved, for now.
The book begins with a small play—much in the sparse, absurd style of something by Beckett; including actors such as “Occupant” and “Intruder”, three card “Players” and most notably, the “Radio”. The latter mediates a setting-less foreground through which the other characters interact and also figures as a central character in itself. The rest of the lengthy work (almost 300 pages) is made up of prose blocks set off by headers like “RADIO:” and “TELEVISION:”, long prose sections interspersed with verse fragments, epistolary passages with subtitles/lines of address such as “Dear Surveillance Photo Aged by Speculation”, and prose portions which are narrated as “transmissions” and bracketed by lines that read “...Channel open. Shutdown protocol unsuccessful....” There is also a section that consists of blank rectangles and numbered prose segments; it is a “shot list” and a series of “film stills”. Here a voice says, “Attach the feed. We are aiming at a movie.”
Morello: Well, okay. Fair enough. I admire that.
So this past Saturday, I headed down to Austin to Tricia's place. We almost immediately headed out for the "expo". The expo was super small, but very efficient. Well, of course it was efficient, Teal & Beth were there volunteering and got us our packets, shirts, and bibs.
Several proposals catering to the Domestic Oil and Gas business were submitted to the Government for its evaluation and approval regarding KG-D6‘s revised field development plan for D26, CY-D6 ‘S appraisal program in February 2012, CBM’s gas pricing formulae and its discoveries D32 and D40 at NEC- 25.
In order to reach all those readers who are unaware that they are dying to read your story, the writer also needs a platform, which requires a well thought out strategy, brand and design. This includes promotional material (bookmarks, buisiness cards etc.), website, social media and, of course, the books.
"Mom, I don't speak English. I speak dog."
1. I am originally from Long Beach, California. I especially miss CA now when Virginia has the "mix-it" winter weather. Mix it with a little freezing cold at the beginning of the week, may be some snow flurries at the end of the week...
NAMA almost never comments on individual sales – confidentiality under the NAMA Act, donchaknow – but there is an attempt on here to track NAMA’s sales through media and other sources.Remember that NAMA is selling the equivalent of 30 of the above properties each month every month as it nears its December 2013 deadline by which it has indicated to the Irish bailout troika it will dispose of 25% of its assets.
It’s been a while since I opened this blog, first I was really afraid of what people reaction would be… if they would like my work or if they would hate, or worst they simple ignore it, but now I’m happy that I oppened, I’m happy because I found amazing work on these blogs, people who, like me, love what they do and want to share it whith the world. Sometimes I think that this blog became a work, but a work that I love, the one that I anxious to come back to, and it’s really satisfying
And what a corker. Boy am I glad Ive got it taped for a couple of reasons.
This White Sassy Jazzy fundraiser will feature artists such as Sammy Webber, Allou April, TJ Simon, Dylan Roman, Alicia Solomons, Wayne McKay and many more.
Ink: Versafine Smokey Grey, Versamark (for embossing)
My husband and I are sick with strep. We’ve been at this for about a week. This is the light at the end of the tunnel. I can’t wait for dinner tonight. If you are of Alabama, this soup is a lot like Surin’s Spicy Chicken Coconut Soup, but it’s with crab, and waaaaaay better.
Returning to Valenciennes, I ran off to meet up for drinks with the Brazilian, his friend who was visiting from Rouen, and a girl we met on Thursday. We had a good (and hilarious at times) conversation. I completely lost track of time and was late to meet Hannah to help her make dinner for our gang including the aforementioned housemate and her brother. While we may have freaked them out with our non French eating tendencies, I think everyone had a good night. Except for the part where we got turned away from one bar since Tish was wearing flip flops.
This book is written with the dual narratives of Simon and Zoe. Zoe is constantly alone because her father is always visiting her terminally ill mother in the hospital. Not only is Zoe frightened to see her mother in such a state, it seems that both her mother and father has shut her out during this difficult time. She feels ashamed that she is complaining about not having anyone around her while her mother is wasting away in the hospital. Simon is also very much alone. He is a 300 year old vampire who is desperate to make a connection with someone or something in this life. His only reason for living is tracking down the evil vampire who made him and getting his revenge. On a dark night when Zoe feels stifled by her loneliness inside her house, she goes for a walk and meets Simon for the first time. Without a word, their eyes lock and curiosity stirs inside each of them. But can their love endure what lies ahead for both Simon and Zoe?
In my opinion, the only restaurant worth getting excited about in Los Angeles at the moment (I can already taste the blowback from that comment) is Red Medicine. This buzzy, industrial spot just on Wilshire is the brainchild of Jordan Kahn, who, started off at the tender age of 17 at the French Laundry, the youngest chef ever to work there, and made his way as a pastry chef through Per Se, Alinea and Noma. At Red Medecine he cooks up a "homage" to his love of Asian cuisine (especially Vietnamese), and although the plates sometimes groan under the weight of the herbs and flowers piled on, the cooking is fresh, bright and unusual.
When I set out to find a subtle highlighter that gives the perfect dewy “red carpet” glow, I didn’t realize this was much easier said than done. Too glittery, too greasy, too thick/chunky…need I go on. I FINALLY stumbled upon Benefit Watts Up. The cream-to-powder formula goes on flawlessly and application is easily controlled depending on how much glow you want. It literally melts lightly into the skin leaving the perfect luminous sheen. There’s even a spongy tip for blending, but I find my fingers work best. Buy it now.
The War on Drugs has cost the U.S. tax payers $1 trillion and the percentage of people that use drugs has not decreased; all the usage statistics are virtually the same. What has increased are the number of deaths at the hands criminals and the prison population of non-violent drug users. This Nixon-era policy has failed because you cannot stop the will of the people. Again, if a significant number of people want something they will eventually get it, legal or not.
“I shower in Tebow tears!”
The FBI said they used the informant to facilitate the men getting C4 explosives that they would use to target the bridge. According to the criminal complaint Stevens and Stafford were recruited towards the end of their planning to help them execute the attack. The men were arrested as they allegedly arranged to pick up the explosives.
Please see the price, availability and delivery conditions of American Standard 2373.821.068 Enfield Two-Handle Widespread Lavatory Faucet with Speed Connect Drain and Metal Cross Handles, Blackened Bronze in the merchant’s website by click on a links above.
I had once visited Hong Kong just before the Chinese New Year when the city was beautifully decorated all over for this festival. Everything was decorated with props, beautiful lighting, paper cuts and flowers.
Eventually the warlord becomes politically and physically weaker, and Jung Chang's great grandmother has to yield to his request to come and live with his wives and other concubines. Life there is predictably unpleasant with much bullying, and the prospect of being sold into slavery or prostitution when the old warlord dies. Jung's grandmother and mother escape, and the warlord's last act is to grant them their freedom.
This is a tiny little bar/pub with a huge array of beers, including many Thornbridge ales, which, as a Sheffielder, was pleasing to see. Watch out though as beer snobbery is rife here, to the point that when I complained that my wine glass smelt of antiseptic the bartender wouldn't smell it, claiming that he 'knew nothing about wine'. What-e-ver! He changed it anyway. Gav enjoyed a half of something with a stupid alcohol content and we both enjoyed sitting outside watching the buses come and go from the bus station. It was what it was, a watering hole and as I'm not a beer fanatic I didn't fully appreciate it, although I am thinking that it's probably about time I got into this real ale lark...
Mrs. Nancy REAGAN Will Be Informed By Mike Fuller Of The Organization Of This Project Of Amendment At The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library
9781611940534
- Lionel Cordew - drums (1-4, 6-8, 11)
That leaves a good chunk more for all of you out-of-town hipsters to strap on your arm. You'll be able to get one for $180 dollars when you show up.
Me: Yes, I suppose it is.
I should have known there was a problem with my image following my first televised appearance in about 1968. My Professor had been asked to make a programme about various forms of hair loss, and so I, as the bright young spark and general dogsbody of the Department, had been asked to gather together suitable patients and demonstrate the various features of their different diseases in the clinic, whilst my Professor spoke about the science of hair follicles from the studio.
One can also have a character say or do the opposite of what is expected. The classic Lou Grant remark from Mary Tyler Moore is a good example: “You’ve got spunk,” a pause, then, “I hate spunk.” Or one can have a character struggle to come up with a witty remark and finally come out with a simple “Hi.”
My classmate replied, “Una vez.”
My previous post chronicled my thought processes as I watched the video “Let It Be” that is making the rounds. As I said in that bloggery, At first I thought that perhaps this was the answer to my confusion over the death of my mate of thirty-four years. Just go on with my life and let it be. Forget my grief. Forget the pain of losing him. Forget trying to make sense of it all. Just . . . let it be.
First of all, when you pack clothes to come here, it is advised that you bring light and cotton clothes because it is seriously hot here. Yangon’s temperature usually averages at about 27 degree Celsius and it’s hotter during the summer(March-May). It’s summer now and we’re now averaging at 35 degrees Celsius. And Central Burma is even hotter, averaging at 40 degrees Celsius. So, bring your summer clothes. The lighter it feels, the better.
During his training, Tuitele plans to take several classes at Hawaii and later hire an agent during his preparations for the NFL.
When you leave this office, don’t think about everything you have to do to get out of the building, just deal with getting out of the room. When you reach the hall, just deal with the hall, and so forth. Baby steps. – Dr. Marvin; What about Bob?
So if you're facing a tough draft or a hard revision? Don’t. Give. Up.
Anyway earlier at the Summer Fayre, between Declan and myself we had 7 tries on the tombola, he won a jar of pasta sauce, and I won a bottle of vinegar, bottle of Isla Nigra red wine, jar of chili sauce, jar of mixed fruit jam, a bottle of white wine (thus given to dad for father’s day next week).
We welcome book proposals on a wide variety of subjects including, but not limited to the following: anarchist history and theory broadly construed; individual anarchist thinkers; anarchist-informed analysis of current issues and institutions; and anarchist or anarchist-inspired movements and practices. Proposals informed by anti-capitalist, feminist, ecological, indigenous, and non-Western or global South anarchist perspectives are particularly welcome. So, too, are projects that promise to illuminate the relationships between the personal and the political aspects of transformative social change, local and global problems, and anarchism and other movements and ideologies. Above all, we wish to publish books that will help activist scholars and scholar activists think about how to challenge and build real alternatives to existing structures of oppression and injustice.
We both bent our heads to our tasks and worked steadily until lunch when Becca would join us. I was working on locating Troy the beginning place of the Trojan War and was very surprised when I learned it was located in Turkey, not Greece.
It's the most awesome event I've ever been too!!
After Sascha is paired with a Lucas, the alpha of a Changeling Leopard pack, her emotions really start to take off. Lucas shows Sascha the ways of lust and passion. After she learns what it’s like enjoy the feel of Lucas’ touch she learns what it means to be pack and to get a different kind of touch through the other Changelings.
For all the rest of us, I still see the micro 4/3 cameras to be the optimum compromise with very good image quality and small, high quality lenses; i.e. the optimum carry-with-you size camera for travel, street, and general all around use. Most of the manufacturer’s excursions above and below that size are being driven by marketing and the desire to establish a unique niche. From research & technology, ergonomic, and cost viewpoints, I see my future to be with micro 4/3 cameras with better image quality, the best affordable lenses, and the best size for handling and carrying.
How can you share? I've had a number of inquiries on how to share if you are new to blogging or if you don't have a blog. If you already have a blog, you can post on your blog and then link your project through the linky system below. If you do not have a blog, you can still play along. You will need a digital camera. You can share by uploading directly from your computer or you can use some sort of public photo sharing site. I suggest SplitCoastStampers. You must be a member but there is no fee for basic membership. Uploads for the basic accounts are moderated and sometimes it takes awhile for your card to appear. For a small annual fee you can upgrade and your posts there are live immediately.
I took myself off away from my friends, and sitting on a rock, looking out at the sea, I tried to get my head around what had just happened. I wanted to go home, but didn’t have any means of doing so, and what good would it do anyway. My friends started to drift over to me, “Enjoy this break in Harrys’ memory” one of them said, which is exactly what I tried to do.
Tricia McLeish, Solidarity
Orchardgrass is not only more shade tolerant, but also can handle a wide range of soil pH and is more resistant to drought, and heat than Timothy, Kentucky Bluegrass, or even Smooth Bromegrass. While it may stop growing or go dormant in these conditions, it springs back quickly with a bit of watering and Nitrogen.
Ferment Temp: start at 66 for 4 days then 68F
I LOVE linking up with my bloggy bff Jessica for Smell the Roses this weeks task is
xo isa
And I watched their back as both of them walked towards their gate.
- Lemongrass Ginger Truffle
“Every now and then go away, have a little relaxation, for when you come back to your work your judgment will be surer; since to remain constantly at work will cause you to lose your power of judgment. Go some distance away because the work appears smaller and more of it can be taken in at a glance, and a lack of harmony or proportion is more readily seen.” (Leonardo Da Vinci)
All sniping aside, some of the main reasons anyone will watch Earthquake nowadays is because
Our lips merged. Her warm soft lips expressed her femininity in a subtle but powerful way. I lingered on them sharing the breath of her desire, drawing it into my lungs like the heady smoke of an exotic drug. We kissed sweetly, dwelling on the intoxicating effect that our kiss was having on both of us. There was something so public and daring about this kiss. Despite the darkness we were illuminated by the lamp above us. Kisses like the one we shared are usually reserved for the privacy of our bedroom, this was very public. It was extremely romantic and we are both incurable romantics.
I also feel lucky to have her. And like one of my favorite writers, Darin Strauss says, “If you feel lucky to be with your partner, than you have chosen well.”
Stone Old Guardian 08
We see the tension or its lack in all our artefacts.
It was all contained within the womb and nothing had the chance to spread.
And by-the-by: happy 100th blog!! It's hard to believe I've actually written 100 of these therapeutic passages...even harder to believe that someone has read them. So thank you! I'd like to say I've got 100 candles to blow out, but would a cup of tea suffice? Cheers! xxx
Tshika recommended that the fencing be removed and replaced with a brick boundary wall – which happened.
SB: Thank you, Lord.
“And he became very hungry, and would have eaten; but while they made ready, he fell into a trance.”
Kill me now.
“What we have here is not simply poor management, but a telling failure of political oversight. If senior managers and heads of department don’t take corrective action, especially when the need for it is so clearly demonstrated. .. then the responsibility lies with MECs and ministers to ensure corrective action,” he said.
Julie James Photography – Lexington, Kentucky
Here is the bag with all the materials in it for the literature groups.
You see there is a reason I am friends with my children on facebook (well only Zara, because her brothers keep un-friending me). It’s for safety, namely theirs. Especially in the case of a fast maturing almost-thirteen year old who is just a tad boy-crazy.
There is somebody here tonight who will be a star, there will be somebody here tonight who will begin to rise.
I looked just like I do now, but with a hole in my chest with TEETH in it (I guess they wanted me to pacman my way through terrorists?), and my silly weak human teeth were replaced with really straight, white, SUPER-strong teeth (I have a thing about teeth, as you can see), the better to chomp those mean guys with.
This woman does her own photography as well. I’m sure the cookbook will be a stunning presentation and I am looking forward to having it spread open on my kitchen counter.
I don’t know if I want to extend this or make the time faster but right now I want to sustain it for a while!
Kraft Cardstock - Recollections
musing over time
Hope you all had a wonderful weekend? Mine was so so...I came down with a horrible head cold..or what my doctor called the crud! I was pretty much sleeping all day Sunday and Monday...now I'm on medication and hopefully be good as new soon!
to commit you to a paper prison where
I have no idea what I'd do with the things made from this book, but I want it anyway because it's flipping adorable.
Damo Suzuki is a crazy Japanese guy from Can (an old krautrock band) and could well be worth catching just for some experimental, messy, insane, hard rock n roll. Lydia Lunch is some mentalist 20th century version of Laurie Anderson or something, not the most accessible music but interesting nonetheless.
"It is a lot of money in the negative," he said. "Something I could never, ever, afford to pay back.
Video: The Migron story A new “crisis of Zionism” every decade Allen West gets it right again Overnight music video: Passover Rhapsody, a Jewish rock opera State Department regards Israel and Jerusalem as separate entities Park Slope BDS defeated/Buy Israeli Goods Official anti-Israel events at Columbia Law School HILARIOUS (& Sad) VIDEO: America’s Future Women are Dumber Than Ever US Ambassador visits Mea Shearim before Passover (video) Irony alert: Beinart appearance in Berkeley canceled, Jewish Voice for Peace charges ‘McCarthyism’ Paris: ‘Brave’ jihadi ‘youth’ beat up 12-year old boy AvitalLeibovich: This morning I’m attending the annual women’s day event in the #IDF. More than 90% of the positions in #IDF are opened for women. #respect PA TV broadcasts clip calling Jews a “disease” Map at memorial erases Israel PA TV broadcasts clip erasing Jewish presence and history in the land of Israel BDS’ers lose in Brooklyn Те, кто остался в живых, История Сергея Сушона by yadvashemrussian idfonline: בשעה 11:05 יקיים פיקוד העורף ניסוי צפירה ביישובים מודיעין-מכבים-רעות, מודיעין עלית, אלעד, ראש העין, בית דגן, שוהם ונמל התעופה “בן גוריון” idfonline: כמו כן תישמע צפירה במועצות האזוריות הבאות: חבל מודיעין, מטה בנימין, גזר, דרום השרון ועמק לוד. ייתכן ותישמע צפירה ביישובים הסמוכים US to fund Israeli dependence on Iron Dome “One of America’s closest allies” (video) Guardian Gives Platform to Promote Terrorist-Organized “Global March to Jerusalem” ‘Tis the season for deja vu all over again in Egypt Катар делит арабский мир по заказу США Fatah/Hamas reconciliation efforts at a standstill. What will happen next? The Middle East Sampler 3/28/2012: The Media’s Selective Support Of Israeli Democracy There is one and only one effective answer to terror “Jewish Voice for Peace” suddenly cares about free speech IAF trains emergency medical care and rescue forces British MP receives death threats for defending Israel Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Arlene Kushner On Israel’s Barukh Binah’s Lecture Of J Street 26,211 tons of goods enter the Gaza Strip
She decided to take over ruling one of the Kingdom's belonging to the Royal family, the Kingdom of Oz. Had she told the Queen what she wanted, it would have been hers. But like a true cunt bitch, she took what she wanted and then got butt hurt when no one thought her cute anymore. We all saw her for the nasty back alley skank that she was, and tossed her fat ass out of the kingdom.
I have bought My Speccies.....
...But the regular appearance of big donors inside the White House underscores how political contributions continue to lubricate many of the interactions between officials and their guests, if for no other reason than that donors view the money as useful for getting a foot in the door....
two children for 5 years now. Life can get busy very quickly in Jill’s household with a husband, 2 children and 3 dogs. She prides herself in the time and attention she places on educating and enriching her children. She happily shares all of her creations that she has made for her family’s homeschooling journey with everyone for free.
“Yes?” Henna set her drowned thing gently on the counter and heated up some milk she had found and set it in front of the drowned thing, which seemed to be wiggling and making high-pitched noises.
First-time home buyers will be able to aspire for more expensive property after the My First Home Scheme is expanded under the budget to a maximum of RM400,000 from RM220,000.
Here’s the dope on Avalanche Amber:
UK LOCAL COUNCIL ELECTIONS: PROCESS AND ANNOUNCEMENT OF RESULT
The Adamson Falcons wasted its twice-to-beat advantage and lost to the FEU Tamaraws in their do-or-die UAAP semifinals match Sunday. Sources say the Falcons were not able to sleep, and for 24 hours, they kept asking themselves, “What has happened to us?” That’s the same question the UP Fighting Maroons have been asking themselves for the last 25 years.
Jennifer Jason Leigh (Single White Female)
When Cultural Flashpoints and Historical Accuracy Collide
HCPC 3465 Palisade Farmstead
With Luke, Clyde and Rani trapped in a bizarre dreamscape, Sarah Jane must fight alone. As the Nightmare Man grows stronger, only K-9 might hold the key. But can Luke summon the courage to face his adult life before the whole world is trapped in an endless nightmare?
So how crafty are you?
What comfort this sweet sentence gives!
I stamped the image onto some confetti white card stock with black stazon and colored using my aqua painter and ink pads. I used Island Indigo for the truck.
And so it would go on. Sometimes it would be one of those conversations over a beer that would take a surprising turn.
On April 30, C-jes Entertainment, JYJ’s agency, released the teaser poster of Junsu’s first solo album on JYJ’s official Facebook account (www.facebook.com/CJESJYJ).
Sigh. Oh well. I guess it could have turned out green or worse, my hair could have fallen out. I think I'll be washing my hair every ten minutes now.
It is near impossible to establish a forensic ballistic identification with bullets fired from these homemade devices.
Considering how often I wax poetic about Levain, I figured it was time to do a proper posting for the bakery. And since I had another rendez-vous with the boys, I thought it was the perfect opportunity to spread the gluttony between three bellies.
Col 1:21 And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled 22 In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight: 23 If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
Congratulations to Missouri on once again being associated with backwards ignorance and deception.
And while we are on the subject of slime, sleaze and greed… I must draw your attention to an excellent filmed interview by Bruce Carlton on Law.com with ‘three very angry lawyers’: Scott Greenfield, Mark W Bennett and Brian Tannebaum – all serious lawyers, serious bloggers, and users of twitter. The Three Angry Lawyers have had their fill of slimy lawyers using social media to promote their law practices unethically, they have had enough of snake oil, carpet bagging and SEO and other social media mavens. I agree with much of what they say. They have even got stuck into a new phenomenon… ‘GHOST BLOGGERS’. It appears that some lawyers in the States are too dumb to even write their own blogs. It isn’t exactly rocket science to write a blog… but some of these enterprising souls are hiring ‘writers’ to write their blogs for them – ludicrous. The interview is worth watching – although the film took a bit of time to load last night when I watched it.
Look, I know people do this all the time, completely by themselves, and I consider myself to be very fortunate that I do have such an awesome hubby who really does every thing in his power to come home on time... that being said, holy crap can this week just be over?
But nearly ten years later, I still haven't forgotten.
How was it working with Barbra Streisand?
Here the Road Map for the near future as I see it. These changes will be implemented gradually.
would have predicted a career as a picture book illustrator? I'm not sure I would have.
A strange unheard of thing occurred
2) Spend less time caring about celebrity scandals and "news". Oh, wait. What's less than zero? Okay, so, scratch that one, then.
Phone: 678-815-1584
I took a video of a gentleman who thought he was a great dancer, this is what most of you look like so take heed the next time you feel the need to start a break out dance number:
1) Make a paste of tomato and keep it aside.
I am knitting like a demon on D's jumper and fantasising about machine knitting. It's hard to find the big chunks of time you really need to progress machine knit projects. I keep thinking about all the ways that machine knitting is so very different to the hand variety. I'm definitely glad to have both but it can be frustrating to deal with the drawbacks of one over the other.
2 tablespoons ginger, grated
3. A minister with a southern drawl and three missing fingers on his right hand is a fellow I want to have as the leader of my church, any day.
Think of the fun you can have with this! Surely, this is why they didn’t make Kinect voice controls speaker-specific, right? Microsoft wanted to encourage people to mess with each other. That’s my theory, at least.
Cuisine: Thai, Spicy Indian
So you see, even though almost all of the advertising in the world is shit, you really have no one to blame but yourself.
Gosh... I read a ton of fashion/fashion-art magazines a month. Foreign and domestic. At the start of each month, usually around the 5th, I have about 12 magazines I have to truck down to the basement of my building for recycling.
The slides I use represent quite a lot of condensed information on best practice, and the dilemmas we work through are real-life problems that companies face every day.
By far, I had what I think is the best session in my naughtiest class. That is not really saying much considering that I was at a point where I was willing to wear a costume just to keep their attention. But today’s class was pleasant enough to inspire me. A day like this is all it takes to make me want to improve.
Lots of dogs chase cats. It’s also pretty normal for dogs to chase birds, and howl at squirrels as they scamper up a tree. Dogs also have a rather disgusting habit of rolling on dead things. I once caught my dog rolling on a dead, flattened, sun-dried snake. I believe rolling on snake jerky gives dogs the edge in snake hunting. Smelling like prey helps to sneak up on them.
"'Why-why do you always r-reduce my
This works great for NiMH batteries.They’ll retain 9/10 of a full charge while stored in the fridge.At room temperature,there is a possibility that they’d keep only a fraction of that fraction.Alkaline batteries are a bit more controversial.Studies have shown that alkaline battery life is extended by only 5% if kept in the fridge.That’s not a whole lot,but if you live in a hot climate,your batteries may actually deplete because of it,making the alkaline-battery-in-the-fridge idea a worthwhile one.If you live in Alaska,your batteries are probably all right sitting in a drawer in the pantry.
I think that to the great majority of people out there, unschooling is thought of as a method of education. And I think I've referred to it as such myself, at times. But that description doesn't sound quite right to me: it makes me think of all the different curriculums and school reforms, where new methods are implemented, then the results are studied. That's what people often see unschoolers as: results of a specific method of education.
Obama appeared to be holding out hope Friday night that his deal with Boehner could be resurrected in some form, with an administration official saying “this offer is still available.”
3. “Did you try that mango colonic I recommended?” (Leave treatment advice to the doctors)
98. Wganda Kenya - Combate A Kung Fu (2:43)
What a hassle, especially for Jordan who had to unstrap the tires he was carrying for me in order to get at his bag. The x-ray procedure was completely unsupervised and though we complied, we later listened to stories of those who ‘tricked’ the system and didn’t scan their bags full of (literally) forbidden fruit.
Always together,
The challenge is now open to everyone whether they use a KD image or not. However, only those using KD images will be entered to win the Top Card of the Week prize. So now there is NO excuse not to join us!!!!
She was back there in her carseat going, "P-P-P--ah-ah-ah...Pah...rrr..rrr.rr..k.k.k.....Pa---rk. Pa---rk. Pa-rk. Pa-rk. PARK! I wanna go to the park!!!"
The work on the bathroom is going slow. Dh had to take apart and re-build an area where the sliding shower door will be. Now it needs re-taped, mudded, and the uber expensive shower sealant painted on. Everything takes longer than you think it will.
I left the best part for last, because it’s something I noticed right away and here is why. With every new vaccine, drug or medical treatment; there is always a cost analysis to determine if it is viable to put to market. If a procedure costs more than it would profit, it is usually shelved. Vaccines are always checked to make sure that it is profitable and marketable. I saw this very early on when I started learning to read studies, so I noticed right away that there was some noting at the bottom of the bill, stating that any costs could be deferred and it got me thinking about how this bill could possibly be profitable. It didn’t take long of course, to see where the money was going to go and yes this bill will be making people money. Think about it.
But what really surprises me about Nodder's article is the section where she says:
I curse under my breath at those hyenas from hell, and at the same time I pray for grace...His grace.
At this point going to the beach in Dubai wasn't such fun. The water was warmer than bath water, and cooling off was not going to happen. We did try to go to the beach in the morning, but it wasn't much better. I'm not one for lying on the beach, it's just too boring. So we did a few other things. We went to Souk Madinat, once to look around, and once to take a trip on the little boats around the resorts surroinding it. There was even a sea turtle splashing around there. All we got to see of it was one of the flippers, but that's more than I've seen before. We also went to MoE and Ibn Battuta a few times. More of a relaxing week really, rather than trying to cram loads in.
And by this point, neither could I.
To ones that are known
Strawberry and White Chocolate Tart
My mind is racing now,
that I would only put my hair in a ponytail if it was long
I wrote a post back in January on Sexy Designer Covers. And I still stand by my thoughts and opinions in that post. But in that post – I showed everyone gorgeous covers that all had ‘cover girls’. (Possibly because the majority market the authors are aiming at are female.) But there are many more covers out there that are different and unusual that will capture my eye.
Have you ever been in a situation that seemed bad, but ended up being the best?
Finally, we had Avery’s Mephistopheles paired with a raspberry beer-a-misu, which is about what you’d imagine. This is one beer I’d never tried, mostly because I was put off by the $10 per 12 oz. price tag (and that's in the liquor store). It was big, dark, delicious, and dangerous. Somewhere over 15% ABV.
“Ejustice.fr’s complaint seems to echo these concerns.”
And don't forget, this is the last day to enter Cathryn's giveaway for a free copy of her debut novel, The Demise of the Soccer Moms, and a free Kindle! Visit her blog for details at Suburban Noir.
It's sickening
Love God, love you
The Frenzy of Renown is a truly fascinating book written in an eminently readable style, filled with the most compelling and interesting historical figures of the past and present. Being a 600 page non-fiction, the book does demand your time and attention, but it delivers on all counts. If you don’t think you’ll spend the time to read it, ask me some questions, I’ll tell you anything you want to know.
I know, some of you do not like talapia, a very mild white fish. Replace it with sole or halibut. As for the sauce.Think of it like a beurre blanc (white butter) but without the butter.
Who Will Determine The Future Of Online Video?: “This hearing is about the emergence of online video and the pow… bit.ly/Iwja5E
Loop 1 - 12 miles - Christina, Samantha, and Robin D joined me. This was the longest of the loops and things were feeling nice and easy. The 30 degree temps actually felt nice - like having my hips and knees iced while we ran. We stayed right on pace. At the end of the loop, I took a quick break at the car for food and to change to a lighter top.
But sadly it was not to be.
What a wonderful creation, he thought to himself. He then handed the glass to Thomas.
Segment 0 : Present (0,2) 000922F43SPE PCV43SPE
And, Robert Browning, you writer of plays,
It HAD to have been his mom. Who would make sure that the necessary food groups were covered and that a growing boy had enough food to fill his stomach with him when he left the house? It HAD to have been his mom.
Just as our dogs stayed, faithfully waiting for their masters to come and provide their needs, so should we wait and trust in God. Oh, there was rejoicing when we got home. They bounced and leaped, excited to see us, and we loved them intensely back. I ran and got food for them and even had to encourage them to eat for they, despite being desperately hungry, were more interested in crawling in my lap and being close. There is a lesson in this for me. Just as they trust in us, to the point perhaps of starving, so need I to trust in God, to truly believe He will take care of us and knows our needs even before we do. When things get bad, when situations all seem to go wrong, when church people who are supposed to love and care reject and gossip instead of doing what they know is right, I need to understand that God is still God. That He loves us even more than we love those dogs and will always lift us up. We pray every day for the pastor and others at Hosanna, intercede for them, ask God to be merciful but also ask that He help them see and understand how their actions directly contradict everything our faith is about. We are to lift up, not tear down, strengthen, not destroy.
Check it out, before:
Every time you spend time to pray, you’re actually putting
Another possibility would be a Mâcon from the other end of Burgundy – try the delicious Mâcon Villages Blanc ‘Les Roches Blanches’ 2008 Louis Jadot at Majestic. This is slightly different, in that it is a little softer and riper than traditional Chablis, but it is still an unoaked Chardonnay from Burgundy showing good minerality and acidity.
The 50.1 percent figure is almost double the average teen unemployment rate in June 2007 in the District, when it was 26.2 percent, according to Saltsman.
It’s a cracking series, it has lots going for it but to be honest I was a little disappointed with this book for one particular reason, that it feels like Kelley is setting up for a separate Savannah Miniseries that has to be not only read in order but could potentially stretch on for quite some time. It is something that is going to have to be handled carefully and I hope that she hasn’t bitten off more than she can chew especially when you add a Winchester Supernatural theme within.
This, then, is one of the key findings of this investigation: that Searchlight is essentially a catalyst (albeit a very willing and forceful one) for these different groups, for generating an institutionalised hatred towards self-assertive and stubbornly independent native Britons.
The Path of the Builder
I almost fainted when I saw who produces polycarbonate! No other than the infamous Bayer! (producers of aspirins, toxic chemicals cotton is sprayed with in India, and the infamous Gaucho, alleged beekiller, that corn is treated with!)
By then, it would be too late for the Malays to wake up from their slumber.
I looked where he was pointing. Towards the middle of the village was a huge Oaken Citadel, built hundreds of years ago. Craved into the wood of the halls where pictures of the Forest, and some of the strange creatures inside it. I saw Wolves, and the large monstrous creature my Father spoke of. I saw pictures of Butterflies and other creatures I was familiar with. The Forest truly was a wild place.
And there could I marvel my birthday
hope everyone is having a wonderful wednesday!
Facebook Fans: 1,600
The packaging was nice and secure as they came in they're own little box:
We all know that breast cancer affects women at a significantly higher number of women than men, but still, cancer is cancer. When the Breast and Cervical Cancer Prevention and Treatment Act was passed in 2000, it was designed to cover women, and only women. According to the ACLU, “The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have instructed state Medicaid agencies that male breast cancer patients are categorically excluded from coverage for treatment, even if they meet all other qualifying criteria.” That is horrendous. Cancer is cancer, and Medicare/Medicaid should cover all of it. This does beg the question of where the deuce our tax money is going.
The third issue is that Lightning Source, which has done a good job on the print-on-demand paperback of The Boy With Hawk-like Eyes, does not supply to Peters Bookselling Services. Peters supplies the libraries, Norfolk among them. My local library, Norfolk & Norwich Millennium Library, is the most used library in the UK with over one million visitors a year. A decent number of readers borrow the Sprite books, but how is the library to get hold of my sixth title? Library ordering systems are cumbersome beasts. I have asked Lightning Source if they will consider supplying to Peters, but they say no. How am I to get my title
It would easy and not entirely inaccurate to simply summarise this indie sleeper hit as a teenage slacker re-telling of The Maltese Falcon but this is also a beautifully made film with Joseph Gordon-Levitt truly impressive as the smart college student who sets out to solve the death of his girlfriend amongst the rich and wealthy California youth. Their tribal world of secret linguistic codes and brutally hierarchical cliques is just as enthralling, and potentially dangerous, as the mean 1930s streets of Hammett and Chandler – a minor classic.
There were 3 colors,each of an alkaline and a non alkaline earthenware glaze.
Also on Katniss’s thoughts – why did she explain so much? In the movie, Gale calls Katniss “Catnip.” I take this to be some kind of affectionate name, they’re dating or been childhood friends, whatever, cool. Yet in the book this turns into some long backstory of how Katniss said her name quietly so Gale has always thought it was Catnip. I don’t really care. I didn’t know this name was some elaborate thing. Katniss, it’s a nickname, get over it. Also the meeting with Peeta and the bread. Why was it this large drawn out thing of “Peeta must have been slapped because of me, because he wanted to feed me, so he burned the bread that was conveniently in the oven when I was around.” Katniss. The bread burnt and Peeta’s a nice guy. That’s it. There’s not some big plan. Get some more thoughts.
Somebody is going to have to play a pretty powerful wildcard, as the tenacity and sheer staying power of the Greek political classes, with the backing of the EU commission, seems to have been seriously underestimated.
Who will buy this wonderful feeling?
At which point, Wifesy slapped her leg with her hand and turned around to give Old Lady a glare that she normally reserves for pedophiles. All was quiet after that.
I used downloaded fonts already on my computer for some of the wording.
Everyone was rushing away from the beach. And when I say everyone i mean everyone except the cops. The poor cops were standing on the road and trying to keep the public as sane as possible. (no matter what you say about Indian cops, this is very brave of them)
Prometheus (Alien Prequel)
imagination’s cracked mirror,
De splitpen is van The Hobbyhouse. Verder nog een stippenrandje gemaakt met Liquid Pearls 'Petal Pink'.
“You were born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.”
And Eva, who has always been able to see ghosts, knows several of them by name or appearance: pathetic lonely boy St John in the nursery, spiteful Maggie the chambermaid, the Stalker, who is heard but not seen, and the terrifying Witch in the cellar. (I remembered briefly that Rhiannon believed as a small child that a terrifying Witch haunted our cloakroom that had the high level flush). Perhaps the saddest ghost is that of Adeline, Eva’s mother, occasionally glimpsed rowing a wooden boat on the lake like Waterhouse’s Lady of Shalott.
Remember the stories that pass your way in this life…learn your lessons.
-$1.50/1 Pampers Diapers or Pants, exp. 7/31/11 (P&G 06/05/11)
I think it might be. At the very least, the fuse has been lit.
If there was going to be someone that my daughter is going to crank up his music, dance around and be crazy, and swoon every time he comes on the radio or television etc...well, then I'm okay with it being this young man. (for the record, there is no swooning, not yet - none that I know of...or that she'd admit to, come to think of it - her friends read this blog, I'm not sure I should be posting that about her...oh well, to late now. I don't have any white-out, after all.)
5) Use your hands to roll the mixture into 6 small balls, and press into the sides and base of a greased cupcake tray.
With the launch of The Shops at Target, I didn't know what kind smack down to expect after the Missioni disaster. Although the plus size items were only sold online, there was some speculation as to which pieces would come in plus size, and of course I was worried about Target's website crashing.
5) If after several months (at least 3 to 6 months) of recording blood pressures of 160/100 mmHg or greater (on average) I may recommend drug therapy.23,24 Failure to respond to recommendation four (4) above may be because the patient will not comply with the recommendation to change his/her diet and exercise, or occasionally because all efforts are still insufficient to meet the goal of a blood pressure below 160/100 mmHg (on average).
Significantly, they issued two further proclamations: that no Danish citizens would be subject to punishment by law for using reasonable force to defend themselves, their loved ones, or their property, and that Muslims were no longer to be considered Danish citizens unless pronounced so by the militia councils then in the process of being formed.
“OMG!!!!!”
Welcome to the first ever Guest Post Monday! It won't be a super regular thing, but you will be seeing a couple more guest posts in the coming weeks... For this first edition, I'm very happy to give you a short piece about unschooling from Sara McGrath, unschooling examiner and author of Unschooling: A Lifestyle of Learning!
Friday night, we went to a reception for my cousin, Luke, and his new wife, Beth. They were married at the end of June in Florida. With two small children and pretty crazy lives, we were unable to attend the wedding, but were excited to hear there was going to be a local party this summer to celebrate with them!
The conference also will debut a 10-minute documentary film about solar energy development in Arizona, including a segment about the great progress in Gila Bend, a town about 70 miles southwest of the Phoenix metropolitan area. Town Manager Frederick Buss will join the panel of public utilities commissioners discussing the creation of a Southwestern market for renewable energy.
Hear Ye! Hear Ye! – Change is coming – What will your headlines say?
By asking questions based on curiosity we also help create an environment conducive to honesty and openness. Before I suggested that the questions “Is it OK to hit your kids?” assumes a correct answer. I think it actually depends on how you ask the question. We can ask the question in a way that is expecting people to say “no it is not”. We can, however, also ask it in a way that really allows people to have their own opinions and encourages honesty. If we have set up the workshop well, participants will know that we aren’t coming in with all the answers and that we respect their opinions and experiences. We can then ask some genuine questions, making sure that our tone is non-judgemental and curious, along the lines of “I’m wondering if you think it is ever OK to hit our kids?” “What limits should there be to hitting our kids?” “How else can we set limits for our kids?”
And HAPPY!
Please pantomime ---a fun recreational activity you enjoy with your family.
1/2 teaspoon hot water
As these types of things piled up, I began to think about killing myself. I easily could have simply overdosed on one of the many drugs I was taking, or I could have drank myself to death; in many ways, the fact that I survived the things I did to my body is a miracle. But I had made up my mind that I wanted my death to be painless, and so each day when I walked home from school I thought of simply stepping out into the road in front of a car. I figured that if I could get one that was going fast enough, it might be over soon. And the sooner it was over, the sooner I could escape the fear, the rejection, the shame, the hurt, and all of the other things swirling around in my body.
Current scientists, like doctors, have not been looking at this potential problem because they have assumed the chemical composition of the sea is constant just like our blood pH. This is not case for the oceans or our blood. The oceans and our blood are constantly trying to maintain their alkalinity at the expense of the coral for the ocean and the bones for our blood.
Colorado 7-Feb 36 12 17 2 1
“A lot of wonderful people love their country and hate the military.”
Also I'm sure many of you are aware of "dubstep" at the moment. Dub is of course the root word however much like other genres, it was essentially hijacked by that wub wub wobble wobble crap. I may post a legit dubstep album later, still thinking.
If you are interested in participating, please email Judy at hambodesignteam@gmail.com by 11:00 PM CST on Wednesday, May 9. Sample blog copy for the hop will be available after you sign up, if you desire to use it.
i shall return to thee with verses of peace i say daily
Back to Juan Valdez. Day turns to night, my friend leaves, and I’m tweaked out on large lattes. As a side note, I like that Juan Valdez still uses the unassuming “small-medium-large” system. Nothing makes me feel more like a trained poodle than ordering my drink size in a foreign language. This is especially so because the tall-grande-venti thing makes no sense; it’s essentially “large” (in English, Pac-NW vernacular), “large” (in Italian), and “20 oz” (also in Italian, also … large). But I digress. Anyway, there is a guy sitting at the table behind where my friend had been sitting. We’ll call him, “Mr. Valdez.” He’s wearing designer black frames (2 Points) and has been there as long as I have, studying something that looks business-y (4 Points). He’s definitely cute — medium brown hair, ice blue eyes, full lips (4 Points). We make eye contact. I break it. I always break it. He gets up to use the restroom. “Would you mind … looking at my things?” I assume this means he wants me to watch his stuff while he’s in the bathroom; another interpretation might be inappropriate. “Sure,” I said with a smile (always with a smile. It’s my excuse for being lazy about making conversation; at 1000 words per smile, you don’t have to talk too much.). I see that he is tall (3 Points) and well-dressed (4 Points). He stood on line for the bathroom, less than a foot from my table (near the bathroom + access to electrical outlet = prime coffeehouse real estate, in case you didn’t know) and proceeded to make a phone call. He spoke with an accent (1 Point). When he returned to his seat, he thanked me. “Your welcome,” I said, again with a smile. Our conversation ended there. I’m not an extrovert, not to mention Mr. Zegna and I are technically together until he figures out that he doesn’t want to be together, so I shouldn’t be striking up conversations with strange attractive men with accents.
Noone knows, and I did say NOONE, when He is going to return. Only God knows, and I kinda of think that maybe He hasn’t decided yet when that will be. That’s a guess on my part, who knows? Only God does.
Now, if I have to explain one more time what led the judge to this decision, I will jump screaming from the roof of the Hotel de Ville. Yes, I do know why the JdP named a temporary syndic. No, I don't want to go into it. No one understands it when I explain it, but let me just say: there was nothing we could do about this, and if someone tells me I should have challenged it I will stab them in the thigh with a spoon. Ok, good.
My sore toes were aching, my flobby floppy flabby bits were moving far too much, and for those who have children, you’ll know what I mean when I say my pelvic floor was not coping so well. But it was fun!
‘Good Girl!’ I yelped with an audible smile on my face.
I love Pets. I think everyone should have one. If I didn’t have a pet I’d be pretty lonely.
It has been a few days since I finished this book and I am still in shock. I am still asking myself why would anyone want to fake being a 9/11 survivor or claim to be a survivor or any horrific accident for that matter.
In a medium bowl, cream together the shortening and 1 1/2 cups sugar. Stir in the eggs. Sift together the flour, baking soda, cream of tartar, and salt; stir into the creamed mixture until well blended. In a small bowl, stir together the 2 tablespoons of sugar, and the cinnamon. Roll dough into walnut sized balls, then roll the balls in the cinnamon-sugar. Place them onto an unprepared cookie sheet, two inches apart.
Shaking her round bottom inside a faded house dress
for all that you've given to me
Franken and groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the Center for Digital Democracy and Consumer Watchdog, said voluntary guidelines won’t be enough to protect privacy.
I’m about to confess something….I watch Glee. Please don’t judge me. But in my recent viewing of Glee, well really in any viewing of Glee, you come to the realization that there are several things happening: something serious that the show addresses and something that is overly dramatic (that shouldn’t be) that the show either addresses comically or seriously. And sometimes the writers poorly write too many issues into one episode instead of spreading them out for a season (which you can actually criticize them for writing issues into plot points that seem forced in the first place, but that’s besides the point). While I’m watching this episode, I’ve come to the realization that some of the characters make a big hairy deal over some things that are just not that important. While at the same time, there is actual pain occurring in the “more” serious issue for someone else.
As per whether Ian’s treatment at the hands of the police was necessary….probably not…maybe it was too excessive…I certainly think so….
Some days if it was too hot or too cold, Pup was fine hanging out in the park, saying hello to his horses and generally making friends with one and all.
A key part of the AGW paradigm is that recent warming is unprecedented and can only be explained by anthropogenic CO2. This is the basic message of the iconic "hockey stick " However hundreds of published papers show that the Medieval warming period and the Roman climatic optimum were warmer than the present. The infamous "hide the decline " quote from the Climategate Emails is so important. not so much because of its effect on one graph but because it shows that the entire basis if dendrothermometry is highly suspect. A complete referenced discussion of the issues involved can be found in "The Hockey Stick Illusion - Climategate and the Corruption of science " by AW Montford.
(11) Richard Vincent Whelan, Bishop of Richmond
In addition to our Work Sponsors helping us out, my wife’s company’s Office of Housing, back in May, sent us a survey to determine what type of materials we would need in our house. We were asked how many children we had so they knew how many beds we need. They asked if we were bringing any furniture and any pets. The survey had plenty of other questions to determine our likes and dislikes. I thank the Office of Housing for their assistance in helping us find a house, but I would like to suggest that they add one item to their survey.
Women get a raw deal in history. Unless they're the wives or daughters of "great men" (pffft!) or are barking mad (Lucretia Borgia, you rock!) they get overlooked.
In that letter was a simple text which caught my eye, "We have a long-standing commitment as Democrats Abroad to simplifying the path to citizenship and legal permanent residency for non-American spouses and close family members".
When I realized this famous cemetery was in Maramures in a place called Sapanta was a few minutes drive from Sighetu Marmaţiei we all decided to pay it a visit.
Most of the MSA payment was to be paid by the three largest cigarette manufacturers – Philip Morris USA, RJ Reynolds, and Lorillard. Philip Morris USA, RJ Reynolds and Lorillard put into a disputed payment account more than $750 million based upon their claim to reduced payments under a provision in the MSA called the Non-Participating Manufacturer (NPM) Adjustment. The Office of Attorney General is currently participating in an ongoing proceeding to obtain Kentucky’s full share of the disputed payment amounts going back several years.
My mother: Ooooo, this one's pretty.
Anyway, the frightened soldiers fell before this swarm of men/robots with their skull-faced helmets, clearing the way for what had to rate as one of the greatest entrances in cinematic history. The smoke cleared and a figure emerged. Clad in gleaming black armour, his cloak billowing behind him, like some kind of cross between a robot, a samurai and a space-ninja.
Dear ladies,
parents to monitor the
I’ve given it a new title – the Idle Expatter. I am an idle expat, and this blog certainly has its fair share of patter to go along with it.
Palin did send to me
Suppose all unity were unity only as an organization? But the "thing" in which we believe was only invented as a foundation for the various attributes. If the thing "effects," that means: we conceive all the other properties which are present and momentarily latent, as the cause of the emergence of one single property; i.e., we take the sum of its properties--"x"--as cause of the property "x": which is utterly stupid and mad!
People who are transgendered can be heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, or asexual. However, it is often difficult to apply these categories. A biological male with a female gender identity who is sexually attracted to men may appear homosexual to others when psychologically he is in fact heterosexual (female gender identity attracted to males).
coconut milk (canned, unsweetened, 14 oz)*
The Iran-Iraq connection is divine in spite of the divide. Look at the history of both the neighboring nations and you would understand. The emergence of both the countries is ancient, both being the cradle of civilization. And both have shared similar fate in their evolution, as conjoined entities. Looking at the currently active events in the world of global politics and power, it would not be a prophecy to proclaim that it is the turn of Iran to get battered by the U.S. like its troubled neighbor Iraq…
I purchased khaki flannel (the blue gingham was from my stash) because I thought it would be gender neutral, as well as hide stains well. Prints would hide stains even better, but the solid was cheaper! So far my khaki diapers have no stains, while my gingham diapers have almost faded to white (but no stains!). You can get 1 diaper (two sides) out of every 2/3-3/4 yd. of 44" flannel.
"Naah, it's his only movie."
1/2 teaspoon each of cinnamon, cardomom, allspice and salt
But she was adamant. It was also her first time to join a mass action in Manila.
I guess I'd better clear this up now. Just because I'm starting this blog partly as a platform for this loosely defined Session Beer Project, it does not mean that I do not like big beers, do not like experimental beers, do not like (deep breath here) extreme beers. I do like them – to a point.
The Publican was the outcast of society. No one liked him, probably because of his occupation. The name is from the Greek word telenes from whence we get our English word “teller”. Literally, he was a farmer of tax, thus a tax collector. When talking about the Publicans, Christ coupled them on various occasions with sinners, Gentiles and harlots.
Stewart White: Who had a worldwide hit with What A Wonderful World?
I wrote a post on this topic several years ago, and it bears repeating:
Anything could lie behind that door or at the top of the stairs. They suggest possibilities, but leave those possibilities up to our imaginations.
Anyway suffice to say that Lou has discovered the joys of digital. Enjoy,
I was laughing the entire time making them all.
If you’ve come to find out how to make someone you love love you back, well, you’ve come to the exact WRONG place for all that. Cuz I sure as heck don’t know! I have certainly had all the worst experiences chasing after someone who would rather be boiled alive in a vat of dead skunk organs than spend time with me, and yet, somehow this is appealing to my soul…
Population Since 1960, the overall inhabitants has dropped in the U. s. Declares.
Hey y’all.
Yesterday, I mentioned a moment during which I tried to pry one of my fingernails from its bed. Even though I didn’t completely tear it out, I did rip about a third of it off. My experiences with this finger today demonstrated to me that, without doubt, my mind must go somewhere else whenever I attempt any self-harm.
to slow the clock
When I first heard Bolero, I was at the age where whatever my mom thought, I thought as well. I remember looking at the Sears catalog with Mom once (remember those honking huge catalogs, the stuff of dreams and visions and uplift for short guests at the dinner table?) and every dress that she liked, I liked. I remember echoing her views about the dresses, and my sister saying scornfully, “You only like that because Mom likes it.”
after i decided i was going to upload this..i listened to it MANY times and tried to cut it several times...
We're MOVING! HOORAY! The condo life is over! We're moving into a Pleasant Grove home at the end of this month and we could not be more excited!! We've lived in our condo for two years, and although the payment has been nice, we have not really enjoyed it.
– grail castle, love’s bower,
:0)
2 tsp Cayenne pepper
Blue/ Green Turbo Infect:
Failing that, make it easy for people to understand you.
i'm not sure about you, but i think it's a great idea to take a progression of photos of someone while they are pregnant... to see the transformation taking place in their exterior while we dream about and envision the transformation taking place inside their belly...
Durability: FE 7, RID 7
"Thank you for not drowning/stabbing/suffocating us for all those years
“Malaysia already practises peace and harmony among religions, allowing it to develop as a country,” he said. He said a country could not develop without peace.
Name a band/artist that has been around as long as Sparks that has not sold their soul, stopped evolving, gone through the motions, repeated a winning formula, taken themselves far too seriously, or released at least one crap album?
Named by Walter himself after a pub by the businesses' original site (The Saracen's Head) this foundry produced huge amounts of decorative and ornate iron work. Their catalogues were mighty, bound tomes and contained thousands of items of all description relating to ironwork and as they employed the most imaginative designers it's no surprise now that the finished ventilation pipe should be so ornate...Macfarlane's didn't do plain! There's a wealth of information on the company on the Scottish Ironworks site, including a gallery of some marvellous examples of surviving works. The foundry was a huge and inviting target for the Luftwaffe in the second world war and at the same time many examples of their work were lost in the drive to melt iron down for the war effort, but they produced so much and spread it so far around the globe that examples like the Carshalton stink-pipes ensure that the company may be gone, but are unlikely to be forgotten.
Student : Professor, is there such a thing as heat?
Well here it is folks, our "How we met" story, just for you in lieu of our 1st wedding anniversary Monday and our second anniversary period.
I said, “Please don’t go”
7- Sympathetic" - 4:12
A) Earth
Sunny taught us how to make 2 entrees- kung pao chicken and shiitake rice noodles. Because these were whole and natural ingredients and because the cooking method was healthy, each portion only came out to 3-4 points on Weight Watchers.
20.FARAQUET "Cut Self Not"
In any language Tonino Guerra was arguably one of the greatest screenwriters of all time. Indeed, not only were his screenplays always intelligent and possessed of a poet's sensibilities, but he was also extremely versatile. My best friend and I often noted that co-writers Michelangelo Antonioni (who also directed) and Tonino Guerra scripted the quintessential film about Swinging London, Blowup; they were two Italians who captured the time and essence of the place where native Englishmen had failed. This was not an isolated case in Mr. Guerra's career either. With co-writer Lino Iannuzzi, Tonino Guerra was able to capture the feel of Prohibition New York City in Lucky Luciano. Tonino Guerra had a singular talent for capturing the essence of any time and any place with his screenplays.
He favoured techniques derived from Medieval Morality Plays and Brechtian Epic Theatre as well as popular entertainments like music, songs, stand-up comic, rather than methods of Naturalism and Social Realism used in Kitchen Sink drama. He developed these techniques to the fullest in The Non Stop Connolly Show to present an account of Irish Revolutionary James Connelly, who was shot by the British after the failed Easter Uprising of 1916. The Play is in six-parts and was performed non-stop over the Easter weekend of 1975. The audience could come and go. It is presented in the form of a review interspersing dramatised events from history with songs and popular spectacle. For example, there is an election staged as a tag-wrestling match.
Q: Is it possible that Obama traveled with a U.S. Passport in 1981?
What is the current state of Irish-America? In the 90’s it throbbed with political passion.
Seems like Leo Scott has it all: looks, brains, and athletic talent. He’s captain of his high school swim team with a bright future in college and beyond. But Leo has secrets. His mother’s crippling car accident has devastated his family and left Leo to deal with his father’s abuse, battered and alone.
The servant gurgled, blood mingling with piss and shit, several of his teeth broken in pieces about him. “Now,” Lord Fuckington exclaimed, “be sure to do a good job cleaning up this mess, there’s a good lad.” David turned and left his sleeping chamber whistling faintly. An exemplary start to the day, he thought to himself.
I actually have three works in progress. The latest one was a crazy idea. In the busiest month of my life, with book promotion tasks piling up, I decided to join the NanoWrimo contest and attempt to write a 50,000-word novel in the thirty days of November. The idea comes from a real life experience--I was having odd dreams after which I'd wake up feeling there was something very important I had forgotten. I know it was just my mind's way of dealing with the anxiety of being a newly published author, but the idea appealed to me as a story. I started asking my "what if" questions and ended up with a psychological/scientific thriller. I didn't complete 50,000 words by November 30th, but I'm happy with the 25,000 or so I've written so far.
The tendency for people to become violent is indicative of the savage within us winning the conflict between it and our civilized selves. The “sickness” of illogical and senseless violence is no more blatantly obvious than crazed fans rioting and destroying property following a sports game, won or lost. Shame on them.
The other morning when I was browsing on Etsy, I came across this amazing handmade ceramic cabochon by Marianne Kasparian of MAKUstudio, and I just fell in love. Madly, deeply, truly in love:
Il fait des fausses clefs dans l'arrière-boutique
I'm pretty set in my musical tastes but this 21 year old ozzie has really resonated with me.....
My favorite story about my mother??
I spent lots of time in front of that peat fire, wrapped up in Irish wool,
Completely ignore the real issue - that gender queers have already trashed marriage altogether.
Since marketing is his niche, you can’t argue his logic. The honey pot allure of self-esteem workshops is power dollars from low hanging fruit. I’m sure it shall be successful.
Please feel free to share your own insights, comments and suggestions for others on this common type of clutter or how you regularly reach for a feeling of relief!
I have always had a vivant imagination. When we lived in Maryland We drove 295 south to get to DC. It is a very wooded highway. The trees in Maryland are very very tall. It is a rich green state. Many times when we were driving down the I-295 I could envision slaves escaping in the wood. I could almost hear them running along side the road . Running for their lives. Maryland had large population of slave that worked mostly in the house and some in the fields. They escaped North when every they had the chance. The harbor was a shipping port for slavery. Most of the slaves were brought to the harbor and then dispersed throughout the country down south. Every year in Maryland they reenact the slave’s march to honor history. I could hear the slave’s feet running through the woods heading north for freedom. This drawing was inspired from that experience.
This case is set to go to Trial in May. It is long awaited and many hearts cried out for this little girl. The writer of this blog committed all of her time and resources to covering the story and now the moment that was waited on has come. Now there’s a monkey wrench. Jose Baez has been on this case for over a 2 years. What will this do for the case?
I came across this article on The Telegraph online and decided I had to share it with our blog readers. There are some really interesting and great fact’s about Scotland, some of which we didn’t even know about! An excellent fact file about Scotland.
If I close my eyes its hard to tell. The warmth of summer holds on, dawdles into the end of April, seems to be making overtures to May. Like kids in the park just before tea, holding on as long as possible, trying to make the day last before baths and bed. Like teachers on summer holidays, trying to hold on to the calm of last week as the term begins, and calm is just a memory.
Okay, I'm going to cut this short (just too many interruptions). The next four books--New News Out of Africa: Uncovering Africa's Renaissance by Charlayne Hunter-Gault, They Would Never Hurt a Fly: War Criminals on Trial in the Hague by Slavenka Drakulic, Mukiwa: A Whilte Boy in Africa by Peter Godwin, and The Lemon Tree: An Arab, A Jew, and the Heart of the Middle East by Sandy Tolan--well they all just sounded good. No points.
She is going to start her play-school after her birthday; I don’t know whether she is going to cry on the first day or will it be me. Looks like me. I want her to go school and learn as my little girl is growing up. I think times fly and only memories will be remain forever.
A wonderful blend of apple cider, (you know, the cloudy kind from squeezed apples and not apple juice) fresh juices from just-picked local oranges and pineapples from afar brought into the area by local seamen along with spices from the far east. The whiskey of course was regional too. Make up a batch and watch your guests 'warm-up' to you quickly. Enjoy!
When I went to put in the new string, something was blocking the hole. I couldn't poke it through with the new string end, so I dug out the seam ripper from my sewing machine cabinet (yes, I have one) and pushed the end through the hole out popped a little chunk of the old string. That's when I found out the new string's overwound part had been attached with a big blob of glue or melted nylon and wouldn't fit through the hole even though it had been cleared.
Vyomesh Joshi: We believe 3D printing will be a very important opportunity long-term, and initially expect to see increased uptake in the commercial sector before it carries over to the consumer market. Similar to the growth of inkjet technology, innovative new industry segments are not built overnight. Given we are still in the early stages of 3D printing, customer awareness remains relatively low, and it is too early to speculate on overall growth targets. We expect that adding 3D CAD printers to our portfolio can help drive growth in the technical large-format printing market, which includes both 2D and 3D printing. Combined with our leadership in technical workstations, 3D printers also strengthen HP’s position in the overall technical design market.
“I don’t relate to happy poetry. This book is incredibly honest. What can you say that doesn’t sound ridiculously pretentious? She’s fucking Patti Smith.”
- the ability to bend over
and has them inherit a throne of honor.
Subject: BTA mini-Digest: Tour de Fat is this Saturday!
Then realized the top needed to be smoothed and hardened,
With White: Fence Posts- Make 4 total
Reason #2: I love writing about firsts. When you’ve kissed someone hundreds of times, it’s not that exciting anymore, but the first time . . . Well, it’s a kiss to remember, for good or for bad! And the first time someone holds your hand, the first date you go on, the first time your heart is broken, the first time you sneak out of the house to do something you shouldn’t . . . Life goes on and you can forget what these things feel like, but pick up a YA book and an author can make you remember exactly what that moment felt like when you were first there.
Is it really all we need?
Hi, friends! I hope that you all had a fantastic Thanksgiving. I celebrated the holiday with the BF's family and we had a wonderful time. It is truly humbling to recognize how fortunate we are and to express gratitude for our blessings.
knew father's fine pacer
Feivel's Flying Horses by Heidi Smith Hyde with illustrations by Johanna van der Sterre
Another bonus of Sisel’s Elegance Nail System is the easy removal. With the special Soak Off Solution, you only need ten minutes to remove one color and be ready for a new look. All of this is ideal for women in this business because Elegance takes all of the advantages of network referrals and, through Sisel’s amazing business, makes a stable and lucrative personal business possible.
I started off as a musician, playing in various bands starting in high-school, and even in the school string orchestra. Later, I started getting into more mainstream music. I was in a band with Dave Moffatt of the Moffatts for while. Happened to track each other down on MySpace (remember that?) and ended up writing some songs together and playing on ET Canada. I got into music that way, kind of a do-it-yourself manner taking on management duties out of necessity and by default. I realized that this music business thing is pretty cool, so I went to Durham College for Music Business Management and from there spent some time at SOCAN as an intern, which is one of the best choices I’ve made career wise! A lot of my friends were going to labels, and without seeming money-hungry, I tried to see where the money still was. At the time, it was in publishing/performing rights. While at Durham, I spent my time assisting with and organizing member events, such as the SOCAN awards, and took the opportunity to network as much as possible. At one of the Gemini nominee reception parties, I met Ron Proulx, Owner/President of Arpix Media, who managed a few of the composers nominated for Gemini awards that year. And then it was a little bit of a lapse before we connected again. Following SOCAN, I went on to work with Melissa Syme, who manages Holy Fuck, among others. I worked primarily in the tour management realm, but also was involved in other avenues such as online and film/television/ad placements. It was a really great job and a pleasure to work with talented acts such as Holy Fuck and Ruby Jean and the Thoughtful Bees. Ron Proulx then came back in the picture looking to add a team member and I took that opportunity to venture into Music Supervision – an area that I had never directly intended on getting into but am thankful I did.
Bands must be from the following states: Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.
Maisel's Weisse original, a Hefeweizen and 5.4% abv.
I’d told my sis-in-law what had happened, she was furious that this man would threaten her parents. I told her I actually admired him for standing up for his son and that I’d do the same. She only focused on her parents, knew her brother was nothing but trouble, but didn’t see why it should involve her parents. I told her it should never have involved me either and I wasn’t going to pay my brother-in-law’s debts. Her Mom ended up giving me a cheque and I gave Peter the cheque in about 48 hours.
For this project I needed:
I can’t count how many times I’ve heard people rail against Toronto’s transit, but what’s worse is that they compare it to transit in places like London, which is just stupid. London built it’s underground 70 years or more before Toronto did — Montreal was supposed to be ‘Canada’s City’ but after they failed miserably over and over again Toronto had to step in and has since made that dirty amalgamation of strip-clubs into a poor man’s Toronto — and it is now struggling to build things in an era of environmental assessments and constant bureaucracy. London’s underground was built with little oversight and no regard of special interest groups.
“You, a pineapple have the nerve to challenge me, a hare, to a race,” the hare asked the pineapple. “This must be some sort of joke.”
We drove past the first ambulance, drove past the second ambulance, drove past the paramedics, past the closed Up the Creek comedy club (it was a Tuesday) and, as we turned left into the one-way system in the middle of Greenwich, I looked right and saw a lone policemen standing in the middle of the street stopping traffic turning into Creek Road. The traffic was queued-up, the drivers probably pissed-off. By the time they turned into Creek Road, the ambulances and police car would be gone and there would be nothing to see.
Research released last week found that 526 000 people die a violent death every year, but only 55 000 lose their lives in a conflict or terrorism.
So the clocks went forward and all I have to say about that is... SUCK IT DAYLIGHT SAVINGS! (Note: I'll enjoy the new time after work if the sun is shining this afternoon, but for now I'm moody, tired and this coffee isn't doing jack for me!).
I guess there is some truth in this. It is generally EASIER, and requires a lot less preparation to just stay home. But you need a little bit of time away from the hum drum of home life. Even if it's just to go to the supermarket or do some odd jobs.The housework may not get done so easily, but at least you will all get a bit of a break and reduce some of that cabin fever that we all know. (especially when you have toddlers!! But that's a story for another day) I try these days to have at least 2 home days during the week, and 3 outings (although I wouldn't say they are kid outings, more supermarket, odd jobs etc. Am working on that though.)
My girls live in New York and we love stalking the elusive bargain, meal or objet. I am convinced that if I lived here, I would be thin like everybody else. When I raise my hand to hail a cab, the girls berate me: "Mom!! it's only 20 blocks!" Needless to say, I have blisters. I've managed to clock months here, thanks to the kindness of family and friends, so I want to include a round-up of some of our favorite haunts.
1068 ***D-II/22(B)/1990. “The Prospects for Constitutional Government in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union.” The Institute of Policy Sciences and Public Affairs, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 555-69 (1992).) See Item D-VI/7/1991, below.
With his crew gathered, Les announced he wanted to sail to Australia via Hawaii adding approximately another 4000 miles to the original trip. Unable to believe our ‘luck’, we agreed.
Suddenly, I have some vision to make sure that I keep the mundane scheduled into shorter blocks and I work harder to create margin in my day to create. God made you unique/special/important and then put you on the earth at this time and place in order to make change happen. What are you doing to create? What are you doing to create change?
Unfortunately, though, it's Sacha's head that catches the attention of the picky Baron (he was rather taken by his pronounced Serbian nose). Removing it with a pair of specially designed head clippers, the Baron and his lab assistant leave Nicholas unconscious on the side of the road next to Sacha's now headless body. Groggy and confused (he was out cold before his pal's head was chopped off), Nicholas wanders off to meet with Baroness Katrin Frankenstein, an eyebrowless vixen played by Monique van Vooren (Sugar Cookies). Yeah, that's right, he has an appointment to see the Baron's wife and sister (they have two kids together) at their castle. You see, before the head lopping incident, Nicholas and the Baroness were constantly running into one another. And since her brother won't impale her vaginal tract with his aristocratic penis anymore, she decides to hire the strapping stableboy as her new man servant/boy-toy.
For the something that made life blessed,
The way Gong Li wipes that smeared lipstick off her lips, I rather wonder if Wong intended a subtle tribute to Jean-Paul Belmondo's famous lip-touching gesture in Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless (1960)...
but gone is the fairytale princess.
Just once!"
born: 9/24/1982 s/o Tezock & Grace Mbah
The Pain of Silence (vv. 1-3): David begins this psalm in silence. He desires to talk, but is holding back. He is “muzzling” his mouth. The reason David is remaining silent is a noble one: He does not want to voice his thoughts before the “wicked” (v. 1). He fears that speaking will bring indignity to God’s name. Oftentimes silence is a wise course of action before both God (Hab. 2:20; Lev. 10:3) and men (Prov. 17:28; Job 2:13). However, silence can also be sinful (Ps. 32:3; Hab. 1:13), and, as Psalm 39 reveals, harmful. David’s silence only makes his anguish worse (v. 2). His soul is in turmoil, is boiling over, until he finally gives way to speech (v. 3). Like the prophet Jeremiah, David can no longer keep silent regarding the fire in his bones (Jer. 20:9).
In Mesoamerica, farming began about 6,000 to 7,000 years ago—the same time depth as in West Africa (although there is evidence of proto-agriculture going back to 12,000 years ago in West Africa). The difference between the two culture areas seems to have been more in the speed of co-evolution with this new means of subsistence, and especially with its social consequences. Briefly put, natural selection has had less raw material to work with among tropical Amerindians than among sub-Saharan Africans. Because modern humans entered the Americas from northern Eurasia, their genetic variability had been whittled down to the bare minimum for Arctic survival. They have thus evolved more slowly away from anatomical traits and behavioral predispositions that were originally meant for Arctic environments.
5.Colour and how used
He has a Georgian wine. The grapes juice is red, he says, veryunusual. Saperavi. Hang on, it's Massena, the bottles at Artisans. This falls away for a moment as E@L is distracted...
2 cups (about 280 g) flour
And because I’ll prob just rant about burnout like I just did, here are some links ahaha:
Kate Morton's third novel is full of her signature ingredients: two stories from different times entwined together, a mystery from the past, a big old house. The Distant Hours is a modern gothic novel of an old castle with a moat, three elderly sisters, a favourite fairy tale whose origins are shrouded in mystery.
And buried is Theta, by lethal embrace
4cm. Taking a nap now.
Also, Jeri Ryan is one of the coolest people on Twitter. You should send her pictures of your cat.
This podcast is a slightly extended podcast because we really take time to chat about the "whispers", and Anil from The ODI rants about why he did not like the way the whispers were answered.
After the jury’s verdict, prosecutor Dave Chapman, standing under an umbrella in pouring rain, said, “There are no winners in this case. There’s nothing but loss everywhere.” The permanent loss of a young woman beloved by her family, friends, and teammates. The loss of liberty outside prison in the murderer’s 26-year sentence.
There was, of course, never any real doubt as to who was running the show. Jim Ferguson had a desk right alongside his wife’s in the Capitol, and the disgrace of impeachment didn’t slow down his crooked deals one iota. Whenever Ma Ferguson got stumped over an issue a reporter would ask her about, she’d say, “I don’t know that, but I do know that my Redeemer liveth!,” which I imagine made for many awkward silences in her press conferences.
Ok, so I’m very curious about living a green life as well as the green economy and found a fun way to learn…. I’m going to host a green economy part (after classes have ended of course)…. I can learn to educate others about living a greener life and the power of solar business….. anyway Green For All has a pretty cool resource page which includes a guide for planing a green economy party (http://www.greenforall.org/resources/host-a-green-economy-house-party). Well I’ll try mines this summer… maybe around my green garden (I know so corny)… but I’m determined to help my community as much as I can……
Some of the prices will leave you pale and in a state of shock. Those will be the more well known artists, the more accomplished artists, not necessarily the same thing you understand. The rest of the works are reasonably priced and I was impressed to note that most of the entries from non-household names were pretty much all sold.
However, Dam was stripped of this power after the OITC was involved in a series of fraud cases. As a result, the bonds cannot be cashed by them. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi also tried unsuccessfully to cash the bonds with the Chinese government.
2 creases rectangle frames
I now have a total of 10 major and 15 minor elements I use to determine the quality of my trades and all are completely memorized. For those that I have taught this to, I give them a check list and it only takes a few months for them to internalize and memorize it. This makes a huge difference.
I can face the fear
AIM was formed in I969, and it grew spectacularly in the I970s. Its annual income rose from $5,000 in I97I to $I.5 million in the early I980s, with funding mainly from large corporations and the wealthy heirs and foundations of the corporate system. At least eight separate oil companies were contributors to AIM in the early I980s, but the wide representation in sponsors from the corporate community is impressive. The function of AIM is to harass the media and put pressure on them to follow the corporate agenda and a hard-line, right-wing foreign policy. It presses the media to join more enthusiastically in Red-scare bandwagons, and attacks them for alleged deficiencies whenever they fail to toe the line on foreign policy. It conditions the media to expect trouble (and cost increases) for violating right-wing standards of bias.
Besides the webpage being slashed to nothing more than a poorly made flier it looked like to me that Strikeforce was doomed just shortly after Zuffa had purchased them and claimed “business as usual”. For Strikeforce it didn’t seem like that to them, they started losing major stars immediately: Jake shields, Mayhem Miller, Nick Diaz, Dan Henderson just to name a few jumped ship to the UFC. Shortly after losing a majority of their talent Zuffa announced Strikeforce’s heavyweight division would be coming to an end also. The end of a powerful division and one that really kept them fight against UFC before the purchase. Now the UFC has obtained heavyweights: Alistair Overeem, Chad Griggs, and Werdum. UFC should also get Barnett and Cormier after their fight along with a few others.
Most of the time, I feel (superficially, in the consciousness) “neutral” or “colorless”, but I don’t feel sad about it. I can manage to produce some short-termed feelings of happiness or sadness at will, but choose neither. The meaningful choice would be happiness, but I perceive the arbitrary production of feelings of happines as “immature”, “irresponsible”, “naïve”, “unrealistic”, etc.
What is 9-11 for us now except on the anniversary? It’s a reason you take your shoes off at the airport. It’s the reason everyone in America knows who Mohammed is and what a Mosque is. The word Jihad has crept into our language. We don’t even remember that the reason our young men and women are bleeding and dying in the Sandbox is to place themselves between our homes and those who would give everything to slaughter us.
Listening to any ideologue discuss how politics affect the nation is like listening to a fish in a bowl describing the room in which the tank sits; the environment of the bowl warps the perspective of the observing fish. Some things may seem larger or smaller than they actually are; other things are reflections of objects in the tank and do not actually exist in the room itself.
I think that we should have a double understanding of the choseness, not only talking about a chosen people, but also of chosen individuals. Abraham, more than anyone, allowed him to act in pure trust, going against the ways of his people. Abraham, though bringing a household with him, acted as an individual, for that he was rewarded, but he also became the example for each and every one of us.
The same day, I sent an email to them. Surprisingly, I got a reply back the very next day that they have shipped the product and they gave me Aramex Courier tracking number.
Regina Simon is a first time playwright, an actor, a singer, a voice over artist and was a radio personality. Selected Filipino theatre credits include Tonya from DiwataWorks’ Fort Santiago, Twinkle from the workshop production of Carlos Bulosan Theatre’s Miss Orient(ed), Mother from Pulang Maleta Collective’s Baggage, and has appeared in several Carlos Bulosan Tales From the Flipside readings. She has also appeared in various productions by Alexander Players and Singers (Fiddler on the Roof, The Pirates of Penzance, The Yeomen of the Guard, Cabaret), City Centre Musical Productions (Miss Saigon), and has co-written/performed with Crossroads Theatre Project (A Little Something from Nothing, In the Mouth of the Wolf, Clown the Musical). Regina was also briefly a radio talent/producer on Boses Pinas CHHA 1610 AM, had done voice work for educational videos for new immigrants by Citizenship Immigration Canada, lent her voice to the lead character in animated short, Starsearcher, and has appeared in Vision TV’s Gospel Challenge.
Don’t fret if you make a few losing investments when you’re just starting out. Often, novice traders are discouraged when their first investments do not do as well as they hoped. Remember that the stock market is not a game, and it takes time, patience and education to get to the point where you are investing the right way.
The international version of the Federal Reserve came to be called the Bank for International Settlements, or BIS.
· One of the most popular Christmas songs, “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer”, is sung by three different female singers -- Ella Fitzgerald, Judy Garland, and Gloria Wood. Each version is quite different from the others and lots of fun to listen to.
I have now noticed that many people have a need to tell others how busy they are. Not a casual remark like any other we make about our days. I'm talking about people that hold a fear within that if they are not busy they are inferior.
It piloted the project in Chennai about a month back and is now in the process of taking the product national now across 30 cities Pizza Hut Delivery ( PHD) outlets have a presence in. Yum Restaurants India, which plans to invest $100 million (Rs 522 crore) in India by 2015 and double its stores to at least 1,000, was made only the third country after the US and China with a standalone reporting division, starting November last year. Last fortnight, Yum Brands, which runs the KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chain, for the first time announced stand-alone results for India – 8% same store sales for its 400-plus stores.
Thanks to everyone that has sent me Squares for our Olympic Blanket, the Challenge has now ended and it's my turn now to get busy with your Squares! I will do a final count as soon as I can and let you know how many we managed to get in.
Because it SUCKS! and it crushes your heart.
-Cut flower life extended 3-fold
Green Aware as the theme of this year’s CNIE-RCIÉ conference challenges us to think about education in green ways: as something we must protect to ensure quality, inclusiveness, and access for both learners and teachers. Given that the “tie that binds” CNIE-RCIÉ members is use of educational technology in learning situations, this year’s conference is about sharing practices, research findings, and applications that contribute to one or more of the following three sub-themes:
The lies you caught
1 red bell pepper chopped
It will be beneficial if you keep track of all of your tax documentation throughout the year instead of waiting until tax time. You can easily access receipts, healthcare statements, insurance papers, etc. by grouping them together for when taxes are near.
alongbine: I know that you are probably tucked up in bed right now, which you should be, but I had to tell you, I have NO work hours for the next two weeks.
Penelope Cruz closeup. I didn't need to see *THAT*
FOR ADULTS
Seth stared, open-mouthed and teary-eyed as the only two people he’d seen in days turned their backs and walked away. He stayed there for a long time, trying to work through the man’s words. Finally, when thirst and the need to piss overcame his frustration and fear, he stepped down out of the truck. But before he did anything else, he stowed the shotgun behind the seat along with the cigarettes and liquor. He retrieved his bow case and removed the weapon from the foam interior. Eight aluminum arrows, with their red and white rubber fletching and wide, tri-blade broad heads were snapped into the bow’s quiver. Casting nervous glances around the desolate highway, he knocked a shaft to the string and slid the bow release over his wrist. He set the bow in the passenger’s seat and went about his business, the fear in that man’s eyes still burned into his mind
I take more pleasure from watch a raging storm than any public gathering or event. And thoughts of my wonderful friends satisfy me more than any material possession could.
Even after seeing the clip for These Are The Days of Our Lives.
No, there isn’t anything I’d change, I don’t think I would have as much understanding of how life is without the mistakes and challenges I’ve faced. Even if I might have missed an opportunity because of not doing anything seemingly productive, there is and will always be millions more to come.
It's Good Friday today, the start of our Easter Weekend. Wishing everyone a very happy and blessed Easter.
After getting all of their wizard training, each guest was officially ready to be a wizard. They left armed with books and wands in tow and belly's full of magical treats, flying home on their very own Firebolt broom.
Recommendation $8,000
About 60% to 100% of the inhabitants of the Karoo are white and brown, and Afrikaans speaking.
Oh the things we remember, years and years after they happen. One little nudge to the mind and they all come back in leaps and bounds. I like remembering things that have mostly been forgotten. I like trips down memory lane, especially when my mind chooses to remember the good parts and lets the bad bits lie where they sleep.
and GET THAT SEXY BACK!
At great risk to himself, his family and a wide network of brave supporters, Chen has been delivered safely into our Embassy. Meanwhile, members of his family and key supporters have been beaten or detained.
We all know the basic story. Alice’s adventures have become a part of pop culture. The rock group Jefferson Airplane released a hit single “White Rabbit” on their 1967 record Surrealistic Pillow, and the Quantum Physics / New Age movie What the Bleep Do We Know?! (2004) was enhanced and expanded in a 2006 version called What the Bleep!?: Down the Rabbit Hole.
My Mother's Day? I got to sleep in (until 9:30!), and then got taken to brunch here. I recommend it. My gifts were so awesome, that I hesitate to post photos, for fear your eyes may explode in your skull due to the pure coolness. But here you go:
25.4 fl. oz. / $13.39 USD / ?% ABV (BA says 5.6% which seems accurate)
He had no time for his wife, for work was all he did;
He added that taking into consideration the safety and peace of the public in Kuala Lumpur, especially Dataran Merdeka, the police have obtained the court order.
Windows were clean until a huge wind storm hit us last week...fudge...
Have you all every used these wedding guest book frames?
The thing I really want to address, though, is the idea permissive parents. As defined in the article:
A knock on the door broke the tension, and Jack turned back to his chair, flicking a gesture that swung the double doors inward. Fletch let out the breath he’d been holding as Maverick led Mosh and the girl into the room.
And that's when I realized that I had become a stalker...but not just a stalker. I had somehow unknowingly, unwittingly, unintentionally transcended mere stalking and made an entire new art form out of it. And I had nothing but the Huntington County School Corporation to thank for it. It was almost like I was beyond a stalker...like a ninja stalker or something. Yeah, I like that. Ninja stalker.
So, I decided to make a Challenge!
Then there was that push for newscasters and TV people to pronounce resources as reZORsez. Thankfully that died out quickly.
When I look back over the years at all the hockey my family has enjoyed together, I always remember the words of that announcer. Hockey is a family sport and mine just happens to have some differences in opinion on who is the best. Despite all the passionate debates and hard-fought fantasy seasons, all the taunting and insults and, in my mother’s case, comforting the younger kids when their team lost, we can always agree on two simple things: Hockey is the greatest sport on earth. And we all hate the Flyers.
Having listening to the CoStar Industrial Q1 2012 webinar review today, I am now much more optimistic about the status of the commercial real estate industry; or at least the industrial side. Here are a few key take-aways:
I brought two more babies home this morning. Oh my God – Steve doesn’t even know.
Here are some more pictures of the race.
by Eyes Wide Open
Week 16:vs Atlanta- The Falcons travel to Ford Field for the second consecutive year. Atlanta beat Detroit last season, 23-16, giving them a better seed for the playoffs. Both teams were 10-6 in 2012, and clinched the two NFC Wild Card seeds. Had Detroit won last year, they would have faced the New York Giants, rather than the high-scoring New Orleans Saints. Head-to-head games are always important come playoff time. Therefore, Detroit needs this win.
Just got to get all his painkillers down him now…..
Outlaw IPA coming in cans around the first of May. More posts on that as it gets closer.
But they did ask me if I was ready to be a Mom. At that time the words stung and shocked me. I didn't want think about it; I didn’t even want to consider it.
When you were 16 years old up do you remember the people who influenced your life? Just like you, there are many teenagers who need to know someone actually cares about them. As adults, the problem is that we often feel as if we don’t really have anything to give to them and if we do we do not believe they will accept what we have to give. Well, I want to tell you what I have learned in my experience when it comes to making an impact in a teenager’s life.
Maude Nichols in Michelle Sutton's POSSIBLE FIRST RESPONSE is Trinity Nicholas' grandmother. She is 1/4 Hopi, 1/4 Apache, and the other half is Caucasian. When she's not happy she has a deadpan look resembling Geronimo's portrait. Maude goes by Gram and Gramma and she's in her mid-80s, but she refuses to tell her true age and simply says she's older than dirt. She's not sure how long she'll be around and wants to see her granddaughter married off to a good man before she dies. Gram has also been known to flirt with young guys just because she had nothing to lose by acting flirtatious. She has a great sense of humor and loves to tease people. At the opening of the story, Maude mortifies Trinity by pretending to faint a costume parade. Maude's objective is to get her granddaughter to meet the handsome contest judge. Then as if she hasn't embarrassed Trinity enough, Gram drills him on his faith, whether he's single, dating, etc. Grams would drive Trinity to distraction by saying that no man is going to marry a woman when he gets the goods for free. Maude
Firstly CAMRGB offers the cooking lager enthusiast possibly the best reason to put twitter on your Smartphone. Simply because you can tweet “DRINK FOSTER’S LAGER” with a #CAMRGB hash tag and it ends up on their website. Who doesn’t want to spend all day doing that? As for the aims and objectives, I’ll let you decide whether you agree with it or think it amusing but harmless rubbish. It’s free to join, by all accounts, making it better than CAMRA but you don’t get anything like Spoons tokens so maybe it’s not as good. Who knows? I guess it’s up to you.
- Both babies successfully maintained their own body temperatures in their shut-off isolettes and are now in open-air cribs.
Adverbs
“Opp..oppa.. I just want you back..” Said Seohyun as she’s looking at me with a sad face.
The Teacher Will Arrive When the Student is Ready to Learn
Please make contact with your swap partners, and get to know each other a little - and we are aiming for all parcels to be swapped by Friday 31st March.
There will be a fee of $15.00 per person per night for 3rd and 4th adults (18 years old or older) in each room at the moderate category resorts.
with the speed of his song, mostly ending up breathless
(There is another, more minor, reason to watch said horror films. Simply because they are useful. A cinephile may not have to watch the films of Michael Bay to understand the films of Dreyer, but to the horror fan I do believe that it is helpful for the horror fan to understand what say Sean Cunningham does wrong in order to fully appriciate what Bryan Bertano does right. Or as King puts it “For the horror fan, films such as Exorcist II form the setting for the occasional bright gemstone that is discovered in the darkness of a sleazy second run movie house….You don’t appreciate cream unless you’ve drunk a lot of milk and maybe you don’t appreciate milk until you’ve drunk some that’s gone sour.)
By the end of a fairly long night they had fallen in love with – wait for it – Kwak and Innes & Gunn. Now that’s a step up from VB and Pure Blonde! So much so, in fact, that they wanted to buy a slab of I&G from us then and there to take away. They were heading up to Mildura to spend the holidays on a houseboat on the Murray River and reckoned that a 6.2% Oak Aged Scottish beer was just the thing for lazy care-free days floating along a river and contemplating life.
-There were lots and lots of great talks and presentations. My favorites were Michael's GLBT discussion (I'm pretty sure I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw that on the schedule - I've felt inexplicably funny about being out in the unschooling community); Kathryn and Erika's "Even More Different" talk, which I've already mentioned here; Eli and Idzie's "Untraditional Adult Paths" discussion, which left me feeling way more confident about my desire not to work for someone else; and Dayna Martin's "Renegade Parenting" speech, which included a great message about looking for the needs that are causing people's behavior - not just in kids, but in all the people you deal with.
When the cancer came we had to have one of your toes amputated. We wrapped a Walmart bag around your foot and taped it around your leg so you wouldn’t get it wet when you went out to do your business. You tried to look dignified..and failed. But you endured. You got older, slower, heavier…sicker.
I stopped doing Weight Watchers that first time when I was unemployed and literally couldn’t afford to go to meetings. That was a mistake. An unavoidable mistake, but a mistake non-the-less. I thought “I know the system, I can just keep tracking and weigh my self at home… and it’ll be fine.” And it was, for about a month.
Grandma Townsend is very much better today.
the art department had chosen two of my photos
In this workshop you will learn:
Wouldn't it be nice if we had a button to hit when we need to be refreshed? Like webpages, we too need a way to recharge – our imagination, our writing, our career, and, sometimes life itself.
and don't forget to link up your blog!
There are 3 main agendas the designer wanted to achieve with this house. First, the retrofitting has to be cost effective. Secondly, as responsible earthlings, it has to be a sustainable design. Last but not least, to create a symbiosis of Art and Design.
* In the Shadow of the Fryolator is about a cook at a diner who is approached by a Cthulhuoid creature who wants to marry her. Seems she's descended from some other Lovecraftian beastie and is destined to marry this monster and reign with him over subjugated mankind, bwa-ha-ha-ha. This is the strongest entry in the book, though not great by any means. It does highlight something that bugged me about many of the news items -- this book is clearly set in a mythos universe. There are references to Miskatonic U. and various eldritch abominations -- but all those abominations are given fake Lovecraftian names, including the Cthulhuoid creature, H'telred (get it?) from Y'harneth, a great city in the "briny depths of the Esoteric Trench. If you're going to do the Mythos, do the Mythos. Call the guy Cthulhu of R'lyeh.
Back then I pleased others, I gave them what they wanted. I have realised that doesn’t work. Now I do what I want to do, how I like to do it. I save my pleasing of others to people that matter. The trustworthy ones. If I make a decision, I stick to it. If I offer help, I provide it. I stand by my decisions.
While planning to undertake a major transition to digital in 2012, Bush Radio, AKA “The Mother of Community Radio”, recently found themselves in a position where an interim studio upgrade was urgently required in order to maintain quality broadcasts.
And on His robe and on His thigh He has a name written, "KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS."
Teresa Flavin's love of fine art flows from the page and she conjures up a wonderful world within a world. The painting the children first see is just a doorway to Arcadia and when they first enter the painting there are some strangely disturbing moments, especially when we encounter the some of the painted figures, 'A smear for an eye, a dash for a mouth...'
In time, God will mend this broken heart and one day I will see my little baby in heaven. Until then, I know God will be looking over him.
Amy N. Jarret, 28, North Smithfield, R.I.
It is great to be a follower, but I want to take blogging to the next level. I don't want followers...I want friends. I want my blog to be set in a community where we come together, embrace each other, and support each other...not by our stats, not by our numbers, but by our ideas and creative vision...and most importantly -- our friendship.
If you haven't heard yet, we are having a fantastic Black Friday Sale!
“Trapped”
Paul Pfeiffer’s images jolt a viewer and come forward as forceful breaks in the usually seamless and fluid medium of video. Take his most famous video work, Fragment of a Crucifixion, After Francis Bacon, 1999. Former Charlotte Hornet’s player Larry Johnson, without basketball or recognizable team logos on his jersey, appears to enact some sort of primal groan or scream. The display bursts forth over and over, caught forever in Pfeiffer’s constant, revealing looping. This is not ordinary television.
No need to feel bad for me, because I’m happy now for the first time in what seems like ages. Funny what you get used to.
Who are your most memorable mothers in children's books?
Get sick of it!
The studies themselves were brilliantly constructed: In my favorite, participants came to the experiment and had an interaction with a partner who was an experiment confederate. The confederate posed throughout the experiment in either a dominant or submissive posture. Dominance looks basically like #draping, whereas the submissive posture involves pulling the arms inward and curling oneself into a ball while seated. Participants' postures were then recorded during the interaction.
It looks like Wall Street workers are starting to feel the financial pain the rest of us have suffered for years.
She'll be surprised by the amount that our vegetable patch has grown, too, in her absence. I'm particularly looking forward to showing her my courgette.
IMPORTANT! Go to the link above where you will find out more about CISPA. Basically, since SOPA didn’t get passed, CISPA is going to the Senate. CISPA will allow for the government and any company to simply take your personal information (including texts, emails, etc.)
Double sided tape
I relate more to George from Seinfeld when he shared this pearl:
area.
But how do we engage these men? We need to put a little bait on the hook.
it was so last minute, so much that i paid for the expedited passport renewal so i would have it back in time to go, but my husband's job sent him to switzerland for training for 3 weeks and i got to go too! i met him there for the last 10 days of his trip and had a blast! it was my first trip to europe and it was so amazing.
And the poet who falls under the bullets
dorm room stuff
Analyze and authenticate and arrange these materials, and distinguish between good and bad, fact and opinion. Understand bias and determine what is incomplete to turn the raw data into usable knowledge.
- Remember to link back to 2TC in your post
Its Christmas Eve
With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese with remaining 1/3 cup sugar on high speed until lightened. With mixer on medium speed, gradually add heavy cream in a steady stream; continue beating until mixture is light and airy (mixture will be like a very soft whipped cream - should take a few minutes of mixing).
I decided to walk around a little bit before I get in the tub because I didn't want the tub to slow things down. Well I really didn't have to worry about that! Once I get in the contractions start coming every 1 1/2 mins apart lasting for 60-90 seconds each. Each one is stronger. The first hour in the tub is great, Davey is timing the contractions, we are listening to my iPod iHypnobabies and I'm just so excited I am doing this natural. The contractions are getting strong. Still manageable, but much much more painful. At this point I'm hoping they aren't going to get much stronger because I'm barley cooping.
Our home is not a place with walls and couches and papers and entertainment centers. Our home is, simply, the way we live our life. Home is the abandon and trust through which we engage with our life. It is the spirit with which we learn, and experience, and grow. It is the peace with which we connect with the people around us, and where you are surrounded by things that comfort and challenge and intrigue us. It is the pursuit of the chance to be the happiest we have ever been, where we are the "us" we can be and the "us" we wish to be. Home may be a physical place for some, but for us home is a state of being, like a roller coaster with no real end, with our love as the car keeping us safe and our hearts as the track guiding us ever higher.
We started out with good intentions....re-pinned the Twisted Drunkard's Path, which we renamed 'Broken Records' this afternoon at lunchtime.
He raised his eyebrows. "What? Don't you think if you saw me, you'd flip out at that age? It was for your own good."
I had been interested in writing for a long time. As a pastor and teacher I spend a lot of time writing lessons that I am teaching, so writing as a discipline was something I did all the time. A few years ago I wrote a book on ministry called Visible, Vibrant, & Vital. It was work but really just an extension of what I did each week in preparing to teach. I also wrote some articles regularly related to preaching, researching, and teaching that I enjoyed. Those efforts were my first real attempt at writing for publication.
Because most Libertarians tend to be strong on federalism, they would argue that the federal government should be restricted to certain core activities such as defence and the central courts system while local or regional government would be much more free to be responsive to local needs and belief systems. Thus, under a Libertarian government in the US, for example, State and city legislatures would have responsibility for welfare, health, and local planning so that places like Texas could govern themselves unhindered by places like California.
And then finally we have the role of the church, that place where the devil hides under a cloak to deliberately mislead and twist the truth, that place where the cloaked devils support and protect the terrorists and help them to murder the innocent civilians in the streets, that place where they promote evil terrorist leaders to saints, just like they've been doing in SA for decades.
Army patrols and checkpoints will be located and conducted, of necessity, in urban areas with large Muslim populations. Muslims being what they are, this will undoubtedly be seen as a war against all Muslims, the army laying siege to Muslims, an attempt to exterminate Muslims, or some combination thereof. In contrast, relations between the army and the British public must be expected to be largely peaceful. No conceivable British paramilitary would take the targeting of the army as an objective, not only, or even primarily, because it would be strategically idiotic, but because they will simply not countenance inflicting casualties on it. This does not mean that there will be no expressions of anger or frustration in the streets about actions the army might take, but that they are unlikely to turn to violence in either direction.
She lives just around the corner from us!
The happiness I felt at finding Heaven subdued the terror. I listened inward to sense the right direction, and soon found the right path again.
Guess what? There was NO difference in flavor or texture from substituting Brown Rice Flour for the White Flour. So simple and stress-free!
Democrats demonize their opponents as being hateful and greedy. And then Democrats cynically assure the poorest and most needy and most ignorant that they will help those people and make their lives better.
This is a short, hardback book which should really be considered an essay. It is less than 50 pages, including picture and large print. While I wouldn’t recommend that it’s well worth the retail price of $15, I do think that the message is well worth considering. Andrews is a Christian novelist with eloquent literacy, and though he takes the middle path to speak to a wide audience, his point is straight and narrow.
They have attacked one of the most fundamental of all Freedoms, the right of free speech!Unite behind Obama? Never!
(a’) I prefer to stay dry.
Governmentium has a normal half-life of 3.5 years; it does not decay, but instead undergoes a reorganization in which a portion of the assistant neutrons and deputy neutrons exchange places.
You’ll find that few clients want to give up on quality. Not many like the idea of inferior service. So, that leaves the money. What you’ve just done is help them rationalize and justify the amount of money that was the issue just a moment ago. Most people, when they come to this conclusion, quickly realize the benefit of having the buying decision made. They can move on to something else in their lives, not investing any more time in researching the product or service and being happy to have come to this point.
Stress Tips, that will help you change and improve the balance in your life:
In any case, "IAtW" is a weird enough song on its own, but among its more obscure weirdnesses (an example of a less obscure one being the lyrics, which, though themselves obscure in meaning, are at least easily discernible) is the fact that John had a radio on while they were recording it and the radio was playing a BBC version of King Lear. At the 3:57 mark of the video I link to above, you can clearly hear, in the background (as long as you know its there), Oswald saying "Villain, take my purse ..." and then the rest is pretty clear too, when you know what they're saying.
“Oh, don’t ask – terrible. I really don’t want to bore you with it all, either. Right now I just want to forget about it all for a while. All I need right now is you…” he replied, moving in for an embrace, but Suzanne backed away, trying to help him remove his coat without touching him.
It was around 4:40 pm when we finally left for the hospital and I was doing my best NOT to push and making sounds I didn't know I could produce. We hit every stop light on the way...well, it sure felt like we did. Jeremy finally took a side road with only stop signs and we rushed as fast as possible. We parked in front of the hospital when we realized it was Sunday and we were supposed to go through emergency. We decided to ignore that little rule and Jeremy pushed me quickly through the hospital in a wheelchair...we got lost because Labour and Delivery had moved since we got there. It only delayed us by a minute or two but I was getting desperate by that point.
Witnessing the contentment, joy and absence of struggle he was clearly enjoying, moment-to-moment, it was fairly obvious that he had arrived at a pretty happy place in his consciousness, stroke or no stroke. The wheelchair and the condition of his body were truly irrelevant to his primary self-identity as “loving awareness,” a term from his current book, “Be Love Now.” The new title ups the ante, nearly 40 years later, from merely being here now to being love now. I’m guessing they are interdependent, however, and arise together; if you are truly and fully present in the here and now, love is the inevitable outcome. Conversely, if you are truly “being love,” you will find yourself in the here and now. But the one-word change in the title points the reader in an ever-so-subtly different direction, imbuing one’s journey with a somewhat softer focus, somehow, perhaps a bit like moving from the austerity of a zendo to the bhakti-infused devotion of a Hindu temple.
Second Letter
4th place overall which was okay but I should of had an extra Gel or something on the second to last climb as I was feeling it near the end.
(Incidentally, another great moment has the family going down to the river for a swim. Mitya sits on a blanket, taking off his shoes and speaking bitterly with his old flame, Marusia. At the same time, he watches as Kotov, standing in the grass, takes off his shoes. A green broken bottle lies just inches from Kotov's bare feet. It's a great moment for building the tension between the two men.)
The wife is an art critic and, in our early days, these restaurants were a godsend when we visited the Met, Guggenheim and Whitney. We couldn't afford to eat anywhere else in the neighborhood! Regular New Yorkers and tourists visiting Museum Mile don't want to have to rely on Cafe Boulud for lunch.
3. It activates the principles of law of attraction, thereby drawing into your life the people, resources, and circumstances as stepping stones toward your goals.
The Supra-Evocative Consciousness of Retrocausal Grace bound Trace on No-local Signal Portfolio in Hyperspace
I started working on the new version, but would you believe that 'q'-word clip art is a *tad* hard to find?! :) Well, I'm happy to say, I've found all of my pictures and the game is done!!
It was evident to me that we needed an early lunch break. Tired, hungry kids aren't at their best for learning. We finished the lessons they'd been working on and prepared to go downstairs to the kitchen. First though, I called everyone in for a group hug. I had to force the issue a bit so I told them, "This mom runs on hugs. My cookie baking powers don't work without hugs."
The centers are just pins that I snapped off and then bent into place. I glued them down using quick grip, and then attached the flower with quick grip to my K, but only where the pins were. That way I could still ruffle the 'petals' of my flower to have more of a 3D look.
Is there a Kinks bias on this list? Yes, because Raymond Douglas Davies is the greatest rock conceptual songwriter of all time. I could easily have put in the number ten position Muswell Hillbillies, Lola Vs Powerman And The Money-go-round, Preservation Act 1 and 2, or Schoolboys In Disgrace. I chose Soap Opera because of its simple tale that resonates so well with today’s celebrity-fixated culture. The story revolves around Norman, a common man who wants to be rock star in order to escape his mundane world. Ray Davies has always been in tune with everyday feelings and emotions. Is there a more real story than the idea that we all want to be famous? Soap Opera accurately foreshadows the beginning of the modern celebrity cult that we find so fascinating today. I envision a slightly revised Broadway show with Norman now playing Guitar Hero or Rock Band 2 on his play station as he rules the universe. With Ray Davies as the writer, everybody’s a star.
We are now getting close to the end of the project. Come the end of February we are going to have to do a huge presentation in front of the school and potential employers of what we did. Here's the thing, we are not the only team presenting. I guess that it kind of obvious, but still. Senior Project itself is still a class that we have to physically attend once a week. Rather than learning anything we go there to report our progress of what we have done each week and the mentor (professor of the "class") offers us suggestions and feedback of how we are doing. We are in the class with three other teams. One is a team of network majors, the other teams are programming teams. For their projects, they are respectively building the same program that I was tasked with. The difference between our work is that that will be the major component of their projects in comparison to our team where the Java program is really the main focus of the project. Their programs also have a much larger scale of functionality in comparison to mine as well.
Concentrating on Cybele risks perpetuating the hackneyed (and surely deeply sexist) equation of Woman with Nature, the chthonian and the primitive. "Mother cults," wrote Camille Paglia, "did not mean social freedom for women" because "nature's burden falls more heavily on one sex," a fact to which honouring the female-ruled mysteries of life and death can only draw attention. I don't agree with Paglia that civilisation was invented by men as a defence against the oppressiveness of female nature. But goddesses like Cybele do embody a set of misogynistic assumptions; at the very least they represent a male way of thinking about, and failing to come to terms with, the Otherness of women. There's nothing whatever "feminist" about them and little that modern women should be wanting to "reclaim".
And because I love you.
30-something: That noise? It’s a warning sign. Let me handle this now before I’m stuck on the road and have to call triple A.
Further more, I will simply copy-paste the fallacy used and not reply any further to the comment until you reply without a fallacy. Am I an angry asshole? At this moment of the post, Yes I am. Frustration comes from someone who simply doesnt want to open their mind, eyes, and ears to the world around them who I have been arguing with lately. Yes, I would call it arguing. Yes, I would call you out on your Bullshit in a post.
It’s important that we understand more about autism because it impacts all of us. Almost everyone knows someone with autism, and it has an enormous impact on families, school systems, and communities. Whether you’re trying to understand your nephew or a child in your daughter’s class or you’re a businessperson trying to understand how to accommodate people with autism, autism touches your life – or it will soon. The economic impact of autism – which I use because it demonstrates how impactful autism is to families and communities, and money is easy to quantify — is now just beginning to be well-understood as well. The Autism Society of America estimates that it costs 3.5 to 5 million dollars to care for a child with autism over his lifetime; the United States spends almost $90 billion each year for autism. This figure includes research, health care, education, housing, transportation, etc.
Yep, fabric, tied up with ribbon, both of which will end up being recycled. Thanks for my cute cushion cover Jeanette, I love it.
We are to put off the old self, which belonged to your old self.
Latto says the Ninth Circuit decision means law enforcement can place trackers on cars, without seeking a court’s permission, in the nine western states the California-based circuit covers.
If you take a look at the comparison shot below, you’ll notice that the iPhone 4S makes my food look a little bland. (It’s delicious, in case you’re wondering.) But when I hold both phones up next to the food, the iPhone 4S clearly captured reality way better than the One S.
OK!! Now that my mind's partially cleared, its time for me to 'show-off' my
Me: I have to.
973. Romaine Salad with Currant Balsamic and Sheep’s Milk Peccorino Cheese @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 7:12 p.m.
What is striking about this beautifully-worded memoir is what is doesn’t tell us. What is unsaid is important because it is unimportant. He divulges little to do with the death itself. We are not told its cause or which hospital she was taken to. If you dig around on the Internet you can find out a bit more but (in English at least) there’s not an awful lot there. I can tell you that she died of a brain haemorrhage but I have no idea what the cause was. Words are there to record, yes, that’s one of their functions, but, more importantly, words exist to give those events meaning. On the whole the language is simple, the sentences no longer than they need to be, the chapters short and to the point. There is no wallowing in the moment, no milking the melancholy. Lovers of misery memoirs will no doubt enjoy this book but to call it a misery memoir is to sell it short. It would be like calling Nineteen Eighty-Four a science fiction novel.
When I saw this little display on a table, a great gift idea for a man hit me.
Inspired by the sound of the Stones, Yardbirds, Kinks, and other staples of the time, Mike Haskins started playing guitar in the mid-60s. He formed several short lived garage bands and then on one fateful day during a performance, his drummer walked off stage and Barry Kooda jump behind the kit in his place. The two continued on in various groups after that until the Army shipped Barry off to Korea in '71.
The warning
I got sick. I never get sick.
“When a nation practices evil, there is no way that it is going to be blessed in the long run. The truth is that we have become a nation that is dripping with corruption and wickedness from the top to the bottom. Unless this fundamentally changes, not even the most perfect political policies in the world are going to do us any good. In the end, you always reap what you sow. The day of reckoning for the U.S. is nigh.” -Anonymous
8. Planet Earth (Xhol)
while i'm sure my readership has just increased tenfold because of these photos of a baby eating, i have just one more treat for you.
I wondered if I could handle the pressure. I wondered whether or not I would crack. Billy Joel walked by with Christie Brinkley. He looked like an Italian leprechaun next to her cool blond goddess. He was singing the national anthem. Finally half-time arrived. The show started, and I took to the seas with the grace of a swan. Every element of the show went off smoothly, perfectly. I was in perfect sync with the world around me. I was high on my ability. I never wanted it to end. Yes, it was strange to be in charge of a show that spanned an entire football field, and stranger even that the people in the stands weren't watching. This was strictly for the folks at home, watching it on TV.
Pennant Parade Stamp Set #122742
Futhermore Knot Stock
Still, when his father, a black Kenyan named Barack Obama Sr., died in 1982, “the family wanted a Muslim burial,” Obama quoted his brother, Roy, as saying in “Dreams.”
So, I blog instead, and then I'm going to cry some more, and then maybe someday someone I don't know will keel over immediately after deciding that they should leave all of their money to me.
Glenn
I have a fear of heights.
Do I want to be better?What is better?
the mohave rat
I'll share some simple cooking. Hopefully I'm able to capture some food photos over the weekend.
Stamping Dragon Designs has a wonderful line of digital stamps including stamps/sentiments and digital card papers, it is also the home of the cutest little dragons around Rupert, Penny, and Jiggy. I hope you will pop on in and pay them a visit they would love to see you. :)
Fast forward to 2012 and I am in the best shape of my life. I have run a few half-marathons. I lift weights regularly and I crave physical activity like never before.
6. I posted those rugs on KSL last week, and the 1 person that called to come look at them, never showed up. We stayed home last night, so you could come look at them.
Today's the day for appreciating those who support us:
I mean, it looked like my house and my family was there but it wasn’t my house; I could feel it. But that’s not the point. I was lying down, feeling a weird pain in my throat. I felt like someone was pressing down on my neck. I don’t know exactly how to describe this, but I felt my throat enclosing. My breath was getting shorter and it was getting harder and harder to breathe. I got up to look for my family. They were in the dining area pacing around frantically. I overheard my mom saying something. I can’t remember exactly what she said, but it was something along the lines of, “Lauren’s body is in her room and I think she’s dead.” And I become confused because I was right there, in the flesh. To prove them wrong I walked over to the dining room to see what they were talking about.
The KONY2012 project is an action plan to make Joseph Kony famous, not to give him praise and honor but to actually facilitate his arrest. Joseph Kony is the leader of LRA, a rebel group in Uganda. He abducts children and makes them soldiers. Currently, there are over 30,000 innocent children that are victims of his evil scheme.
Start – 44in, Finish – 39in
“It’s just champagne, it’s not a big deal, not like you’re gonna get drunk.”
94 Northcote Road
Hop over to Jean's blog ( Bear Hugs and Inky Paws) and see what she had posted.
From the authors of Four Paws from Heaven (over 100,000 copies sold) comes a new collection of devotional tales. In these heartwarming stories, the authors share wisdom gleaned from years of training, guiding, and loving the canines in their lives. Readers will discover powerful spiritual insights, including:
He yawns, one of those horrible, big yawns. I start yawning too. He giggles. I giggle.
Developing shibumi is a slow process for the westerner. It is taught in the east early in childhood. You cannot fake it; it must come naturally from years of training. It is a combination of intense physical, mental and spiritual training and you must consciously practice shibumi every day. Learn to avoid the kinds of behavior that make you foolish and be a man or women of substance. Do not only look good on the outside; it is the inside that counts (do not only be a model). Face reality and do not deny everything. Know your limitations as well as your potential (realistically). Do not make excuses, do not fake it if you do not know it. Act your age, do not be someone you are not.
So yesterday after running errands I decided to tackle power washing. 1) I learned that my house is WAY dirty and it will probably have to be scrubbed with something and blasted again, but I will wait for someone with a really tall ladder to do that 2) I learned that the mother of all spiders was living in the corner of my half wrap porch and was about half the size of my hand. Dear God I am terrified of spiders. Seriously. But back to the story.
Mr Galloway recently married again for the fourth time (although his third wife claims they are still married). I wish the bride and groom every happiness. I wonder, though: did they spend their honeymoon in Iran?
Now, the Department of Defense has once again attempted to revive this discredited interpretation of the offense with a slight twist. In the new Manual the following official comment has been included in explanation of the offense of Murder in Violation of the Law of War: "an accused may be convicted in a military commission. . . if the commission finds that the accused engaged in conduct traditionally triable by military commission… even if such conduct does not violate the international law of war." Astoundingly, according to the Pentagon, a detainee may be convicted of murder in violation of the law of war even if they did not actually violate the law of war.
6. Round & Round (Detroit Mix)
(As an aside: One wonders whether these corporates think English as well? Or count, for that matter?)
I bought EJ her first set of Top Trumps (card game) today, the “littlest pet shop” version she absolutely loves them and deserves them as she has really picked up with her reading abilities of late, she loves books she loves being read to.
of being able to check out one's very own book selection.
Overflows with sympathy and looks so sad
And they had a full rack of Cheddar Sour Cream.
stay tuned. i promise to be back soon.
of no longer being a stranger
His afro glistened with the coconut grease under the canary-yellow sun.
“They denigrate us, they try to divide us and they ultimately want to destroy us – this motion sends a clear message we will fight because we are right. As the son of a shop steward, the grandson of a trade unionist and descendent of a founder member of the ILP in Scotland, I see what they want, they want us to be grateful for the crumbs off the table, to doff our caps and say yes sir no sir.”
religious allusions that still pepper her lyrics (in the past
Lift your heart in joy and exalt Him
As you may know, jumping assimilate the flagpole at the stage’s end will net you some credibility (up to 8000). In this game, if you somehow administer to jump top abundant and acreage on the absolute top of the flagpole, you will automatically accept a 1-Up.
Nagashayana N, Sankarankutty P, Nampoothiri MR, Mohan PK, Mohanakumar KP.
Here they are in their new home. I popped them into one of my trustee coffee jars and needle felted them some grass to sit on. Little Sweetpeas had to sit on top as the gnomes long arms would't fit into the jar :-)
Hang on. That's a different post too.
Cheese: Coulommiers
I know I should really have made all those links but it would take forever!
I have a gripe about workplace behavior, too. But I don’t think I should have to take my own advice. It drives me nuts when people don’t follow through. In my preferred reality all set expectations would be met and in the portion of my reality that I’m in control of – my behavior – I live my preferred reality. In the rest of it – the portion of my reality that involves the behavior of others – I have no control, and I can’t stand it. Neither can your employer.
So why was I willing to get on the scale at the hospital but not in my own home? The hospital is a public place where I would have to be accountable for my response to the results, whereas here at home I could respond by pigging out due to my depression and never have to let anyone know about it. At the hospital I would have more time to process the results and form a calculated response versus a hasty relapse into my comfort food.
Harry Bosch, Connelly’s Bosch would be up there. Going back farther than that, I would say Chandler’s Philip Marlowe was probably the ultimate favourite. It’s interesting, I don’t know LA very well at all, but I’m definitely a fan of those LA-based characters.
At stake is an estimated $350 billion that Americans spend annually on fees and commissions for banking, brokerage and insurance services. Proponents say the legislation will save consumers some $15 billion each year, offering them greater choice and convenience and spurring competition. Consumer groups and other opponents maintain it will bring higher prices and jeopardize consumers' financial privacy.
There’s a chemistry, energy, a synchronicity
Ink: Soft suede, pool party, calypso coral
I want her to move on. I don’t want her back, and I completely understand that I am not going to be part of any adventure that includes her. What I can’t stand is the idea that she is perfectly comfortable with living out the dreams that we made together, without even including the kids.
Obviously both beers looked exactly the same—bright, golden-copper with a thin, yet creamy, head. Both were crisp and cold with a pronounced American hoppiness and a powerful but not overpowering bitterness. By all accounts I was drinking the same beer—but I wasn't. Even with all those factors being the same, something was off. I knew exactly what it was when I popped the tab on the canned version—the aroma. The canned version somehow lacked the smelly oomph of the bottle. Even after pouring it into the pint glass, it still lacked that pungent wallop in the sniffer. The canned SN seemed subtler and more mellow than the bottled version. Was the canned version more subdued because I didn't get that hoppy smell? Does the head space in the bottle help to somehow capture the hoppy aroma? I don't know, but I do know the canned version was missing it—for sure.
a couple days passed and I received a comment... I realized that it was only me that was having this problem, not all blogger users, and it was a big problem.
even after all of that complaining, i look at her, waddling around the living room, "tra-la-la"ing with her little sing songy voice, and i can't help but be overwhelmed by how blessed i am.
26. What was your greatest musical discovery?
Our most popular talent and reality TV shows either suffer from fatal flaws, or need a refresh to keep going.
Now, in spite of the fact that this bloated neckbeard has enough extra fat on him to go more than a few days without eating, and in spite of the fact that these unexplained sammiches could be cut in two to make double what they had (in theory), and in spite of the fact that nobody else in this redneck comedy tour is smart enough to fight for their right to eat, this is a pretty stupid excuse for a story - it doesn't go anywhere!
1) There will be one photo, and five words - both of those elements must be a feature in the brief story you create.
Here is a page I put together using the Button Box kit and add-on:
The person selected as the BIG CHEESE will receive a promotional code eligible for $10 off a purchase from the WMS Store and their project will be posted to a special Big Cheese albumin the WMS Gallery. (Another great reason to post your projects in the WMS gallery.)
The good news of Jesus Christ rests on the grace of God. Above all, that is why I err on the side of grace – because that is what I believe Jesus did. That is why he invited sinners to be his disciples. That is why he ate with tax collectors and pharisees. He healed gentiles and children and women. He forgave the unforgiven and welcomed the unwelcome. Time and again he leaned on the grace of God and for it he was betrayed, denied, abandoned and crucified.
How could you not like this? I've heard some concerns that Sierra Nevada will steamroller smaller craft brewers in the area, even in the wider mid-Atlantic. No, I don't think so, not any more than Sam Adams or Yuengling* have, though there was some of that at the very beginning. Sierra Nevada has clearly learned that if they want to keep growing -- and doing good! --
Here are the Top 5 things I did:
Also on my reading radar is Fifty Shades of Grey – the surprise e-book that made it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list. I really want to know why everyone is getting hot and bothered about this book. I don’t read erotica (or don’t admit to reading it), but when an obscure e-book makes it to the top of the New York Times bestseller list, it’s enough to make you stand up and take notice. The internet is abuzz with articles calling this a ‘word-of-mouth phenomenon’ and ‘mommy porn.’ Even my 65 year-old father asked if I had heard about this ‘Fifty Shades’ book and what was it about? (Cue awkward conversation.)
What's ironic is that we are from the Philippines and we know everyone, unlike my other cousins and uncles and aunt who just met each other for the first time. (even though as I said, they all live here in SoCal.)
I am really fond of these bottom lashes!! They're so natural and I love the accent towards the outer portion of the lash band :D I think they look better on my eyes than the 13 Baby Girl ones. I was a fan of the Diamon Lash Lovely Eye bottom lash, but these ones are a lot nicer because the quality is better and I think I prefer the lashes to be more straight, rather than curled. They go well with both the Diamond Lash and Dolly Wink upper lashes, so I would be happy to wear them with either.
- My Wife says: WHY ISN’T HOARDERS ON????
Level 29: Weapon ATT: +29, Accuracy: +10%, Proc Rate: 60%, Deals 247% damage 2 times.
I clam this crown, not for me, nor my tribe and cora but for mother goddess Gaia and sister Selene.
You guys are the best.
Liya
The truth is... I 100% know I made the right decision, but I also know that I could have run and finished that marathon. But fortunately, I had my "big picture" hat on and knew that healing would take longer if I pounded through that discomfort. Plus, it helped, to be perfectly honest, that Big D, for me, was more about the 4 amazing women that would be taking on their first marathon. And this issue allowed me to be totally there for them instead of worried about my own race and issues... which, looking back, is exactly where I should have been - on the course, cheering.
You see I’ve always been a fighter
Around their outsides are beautifully preserved decorations, with geometric shapes representing what is thought to be three animal gods the Chachapoyans worshipped – the caiman, puma and snake.
I've been reading a lot lately about how bad it is for kids to watch television. How television is like an addictive drug that induces a brain stupor for anyone who watches for too long. How kids can't possibly learn anything from watching a screen. How kids love limits and will someday thank me for limiting their screen time. How I should not let my kids watch too much or they might actually be sucked into the screen and disappear forever. Ok, not really that last one.
That great act of friendship inspired me. I have been wanting to do a giveaway here On My Plate f.o.r.e.v.e.r., but haven't been organized enough to get it done. I have decided to add my own $50 Pampered Chef Gift Certificate. This one will be available to "friends" on Facebook.
3/31/12 I am thankful
7And you are to make your peace-offerings, feasting there with joy before the Lord your God.
1. Secondary care doctors must look to their local community. It is naïve to think that a hospital only serves those patients that happen to be in the clinic, or on the wards. Hospitals, if they wish to truly serve the public, which funds them, must look outside their walls, to the community. We cannot sit on the inside of ivory towers complaining about the standard of care given in the community for patients with our particular illness, and do little or nothing to change that care. This is “population medicine” – concern for the wider population, not just the referred population. With limited resources, we need to be sure that specialists are seeing specialist cases, not just whoever happens to turn up. Only through collaboration in networks or systems of care will we achieve this.
And what a sweet little life it is. I hope I never forget all the things that made your first birthday so special. Like how cute you were in your tu-tu giving away all your sweet smiles...smiles that literally make my heart melt. I seriously feel closer to heaven when you smile. And giving away kisses to everyone you were being passed around to...and smiling and patty-caking while everyone clapped and took pictures while you were getting into your cake. It was like serious paparazzi while you were eating your cake..flashes going off everywhere!! And you were such a trooper staying up until 10:30 because, well the party was so good it kept going!
We are there when they need us, then they are gone when we need them.
For your amusement:
"I think we are sending a very wrong message to the world. If Africa doesn't care about Africa, how do you expect other countries and other continents to care about this continent? We need to be more proactive. We spend too much time in meetings and discussions."
Chikako, a little older than me, experienced in using the sea’s surface as a launch pad for going beneath, was taken on without a trial.
Because I drove the night shift, my cab became a moving confessional. Passengers climbed in, sat behind me in total anonymity, and told me about their lives. I encountered people whose lives amazed me, ennobled me, and made me laugh and weep.
Perhaps we can either get some of our current 800 men to cross train a bit in the 400, and/or get some of our 400 meter men that are currently running in the David Rudisha range (mid 45’s) to give the event a try.
Conjure a colorful fomenting flood.
Wow, I am so behind on blogging but I have great reasons! We left Italy in March, took "vaca" all of April/first week of May and then flew to Great Falls, Montana! We got here on May 6th and are currently staying in TLF! It is different, that is for sure and windy but I think it will be an ok "home" for a while! I can't wait to get out of Great Falls and see some of the beauty of Montana!
The motherless child was weary and weak
Today, though, I was a little more motivated. I wrote 14 pages and hit the 75% mark! I still haven’t had my big battle scene, and I think my script will be more like 120 pages because of that. I just wrote the scene where my characters select their weapons, and it reminds me of a cross between The Underland Chronicles/Percy Jackson/Harry Potter. I even had one of my characters say, ”Well, where do you think J.K. Rowling got that idea? She took it from us!”. I’m sure that made you happy, Mom.
It's getting late and this post has gotten long. So I won't say much about this 1994 masterpiece by Iran's foremost director Abbas Kiarostami, working at the peak of his powers. I will say I'm so thankful that the PFA provided an opportunity for me to finally catch up with it, as such opportunities are few and far between in this country without resorting to quasi-legal methods. Why? It has something to do with Muriel's Wedding of all movies, at least according to Jonathan Rosenbaum's book Movie Wars.
“At the grass-roots level,” Pukey said. “We don’t need some bureaucrat in the State House to tell us how to spend local tax dollars.”
· Marc Geiger, head of music, William Morris Endeavor
marketing ideas.
Anti-War Stance - He is right. We are ruining our reputation around the world. We must change our foreign policy.
Each month one artist from the Moses Botkin Challenge chooses a subject for the group to paint. This month the Challenge was "Blue". Just BLUE and we could paint what ever struck our fancy. I chose a gorgeous view of the ocean along the Malibu coastline. Visiting Malibu reawakens my love of the sea. I doubt one could tire of its beauty. Looking out to sea made for, "A Painting Day".
Daniel is called “highly esteemed” by God which i always thought was cool. What makes it really amazing is that it happens three times!
Department of Foreign Affairs
MUFE #49 - crease and above
2. My music, my bands. The people I would give anything to see live. To just shake there hand and thank them for making this music that has gotten me through it all, because no matter what happens, no matter what changes in my life their music is always there for me. Just to stand in a swaying crowd with other adoring fans just like me, singing the words right back at them would be the best feeling in the world. I feel the exact same way as Charlie I really do hope they are happy and they feel it’s enough.
But I wander in the places,
Locke-"I'm not sure what it's gonna be yet, James. When the time is right, it'll tell me."
Released November 24, 2011 (Melbourne/Adelaide); December 1 (Sydney).
Then as time passes, the comparisons become more emotional. Do you laugh as much now as you used to? Are your friendships more true?
What angers me the most is that this seems to be an activity (dare I say mindset?) most (if not solely) perpetuated by men of colour. This thing of disrespect and anger-driven entitlement to put another to shame.
I'm so excited about this upcoming book written by Blake Boles. If you are an unschooling family that is now or will someday consider college or options to college, a young adult looking for alternatives to the expensive college path or someone wanting to expand their ideas of what learning can continue to be as an adult, this will be an excellent resource.
Hello and thank you for stopping by. I haven´t blogged for a while cause a lot of studying came in the way. But finally i have more time to craft and also to blog once in a while.
04. Shadow Me
Aristotle and Pliny both refer to turquoise. Marco Polo even wrote about it. Turquoise has always been considered a stone of life. It also has a long standing history of more than 1000 years with Native Americans who have used it extensively for protection and healing. The stone was also used in religion, art, trade, treaty negotiations
Not too many pictures after that, obviously! I just took this race easily and happily! It was a great race to people watch as there were a lot of costumes, ball gowned and tuxedo-ed runners even and tons of spectators cheering us on.
Gnomeregon Mechanostrider – 100 Champion’s Seals
I just got off the phone with my eighty-three year old grandmother. My Grandma Joy has traveled the world and taught an army of children and welcomed an untold number of strangers to her table. She’s nothing less than pure sunshine—an unfailing radiance and warmth—to just about everyone who knows her.
love looking around the kitchen, seeing what I have on hand and creating a meal that is simple yet delicious. I love the freshness of Mediterranean-style cooking and most of my recipes reflect that. I have been married for 17 years and am the mother of two girls, ages 15 and 10, who I lovingly refer to as my food testing "guinea pigs". I reside in a small town in Northwestern NJ and graduated from Johnson & Wales University with a B.S. in Hotel/Restaurant Management. I am also awaiting the release of my first cookbook called Carrie’s Experimental Kitchen: A Collection of Mediterranean Inspired Family Meals; which is scheduled to be released in the late summer, early fall of 2012.
Colour tone modes: normal, sepia, black & white, vivid, negative
Above all, though, just listen to the way she plays Chopin. Intelligence and delineation is just the start of it: there's colour, freshness, joy and tremendous love.
Introduce them to feminism
Also, gravity begins to have an effect on our noses as well. At some point, the upturned nose begins to droop downward and the upturned cute nose disappears, replaced by the lower hanging, larger nose of an adult or older person.
Mr. LOUGH asked the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs whether he can now inform the House what was the precise claim put forward by Russia at the recent meeting of the Brussels Sugar Convention; what decision was arrived at; what action the British representatives took with regard to it; when he hopes to be able to lay Papers on the subject; and what is the earliest date at which it is possible for His Majesty's Government to withdraw from the Convention?
Anyway, she loved the cupcakes! Owls are so popular right now, and she's into them. They weren't difficult to make at all. A little time-consuming, but once I got all the components ready, I worked on them in an assembly-line fashion.
A busy lady will be very happy with a single dish and easy new ways to use the left overs of previous night. This will save some precious time,energy and don't talk about the taste where there is not even a bit of compromise. In fact this will taste even better than the pin wheel. No really the party pin wheels were really a super hit .I have converted this awesome pin wheels to another superb dish. These enchiladas are no less. They are totally a new dish out of the same left over pinwheels but much yummy and cheesy goodness. Believe it my friends they taste much better that what it appears. I coud'nt even resist to click some shots just jumped into it and had them . Its one of my favorite comfort food . So here it is....
I hung it on his door using my ATG gun.
What is performing, actually? Being physically there on stage, and playing a few notes here and there, and “air-bowing”? I don’t think it’s just about that.
And ocean and earth are bathed in white,
What Spanish churches do very often have, in the way of memorials, are these (from Nerja) – memorials to priests who were killed during the war. Estimates vary of the total number of the Religious who died, but a generally accepted figure is in the region of 7,000. In the province of Malaga (which includes Nerja) about half the priests died, including these three -
And then a panel of editors shared their insights into what they look for in a new writer, what makes a 'dream' novel, tips for approaching them and other publishers.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko), Copic markers
discredited and abandoned -
“We used some in our icebox, but my mother, the nurse, did not want us to eat it. In the summer, we made ice cream in an old hand crank ice cream maker. We stored watermelons, to be brought up the ladder in July and August for the hot and thirsty tobacco harvesters. I honestly had to have help getting those watermelons up the ladder, but it was one of the chores that country boys had in the ‘good old days.’”
We loved him SO much. I am glad that he was mine and miss him like you can't imagine. :'(
i know that kind of sounds impossible, but it's been that kind of busy. so hopefully i'll actually post more than an 'ahhhh we're so busy' kind of a post.
Hoping that he’ll get out of it soon,
Kaiser Patterned papers
Just come on out little E. I promise you're really going to enjoy it out here. You have no idea how very loved you are, by so many people.
05 - Canción del Quenero (3:47)
The Cape Dutch or the Afrikaner in the Cape. They have never ever had a struggle for freedom for independence. Never. It was the Boers that had it. And the Boers came & started the Boer Republics. They lived there peacefully. When the war came - the Anglo-Boer War. Thousands of people in the Cape - the Cape Dutch helped the British against the Boers. So they were our enemy. We can not stand with our enemy & call them together. They are our enemy tomorrow. They say: "you can't really fight this you can't really do that." you know. We got to make up our minds & decide we want to do this we want to go & do that we want our country back. We can not let them negotiate you know. We can't let them negotiate for us because we will loose. We will loose everything. It's a very difficult situation. To take back South Africa is totally ludicrous in today's world. If a third world war breaks out then by all means nobody will have a chance against the Boers because nobody in Europe or America will lift a finger of whatever we do down here because they will be fighting each other shooting with atomic weapons & you name it. They will not have a minute - they will not have a second to worry about what's happening in the rest of Africa. But at the moment everybody talking about retaking the whole of South Africa they are nuts. Like the HNP. The Herstigte National Party. They're nuts. There's a saying going around amongst some of the right wing people in Southern Africa. The only time the Boer Nation really will be saved is when those that are trying or those leaders - or those who believe they are leaders who are trying to save us today are actually dead. Only then will we be able to be saved. We will get rid of all of these old ideas & old stigmas then the Boer Nation will sit up say wow let's rethink everything. That's where I am coming from.
There are some really good bargains on the internet at the moment (most of them are time sensitive). Take 5 minutes and download some great resources.
I am considering not entering anything of mine. And I am also considering giving up brewing and just going to the liquor store for beer.
Your Mommy Friend Lori
This is a slideshow of Mennonites, but seems decades old..it is beautiful beyond belief…take a look .
2 The Opposite of Elegy (drafted outside Lee Chapel thinking about recent memorial services)
Since I know you're all reading the tracklist, I want to immediately step in to head off any further sourcing questions. First, no, we don't have the Birmingham recording of Twenty Four Hours in any other source than the original vinyl. Second, These Days is the only track we have - that is usable in any fashion - from the previously-unknown soundboard recording. Third, we do not have any idea if other soundboard tracks exist anywhere for the Moonlight gig from which Sister Ray was taken.
Our government had rendered ordinary citizens entirely dependent, as though undeserving beggars, whose livelihood and well-being hung on the whims of mighty officials who had it made and whose purpose in life was to exercise power to gain more power over people.
After I cut out the donuts, I let them raise until double, instead of frying them right away.
this is the best time of the year in savannah!
Pour mixture into pan (I wrap foil around the bottom in case the pan leaks a little). Place in a cold oven. Turn oven on to 375 degrees. Bake for one hour.
Of all the bookstores I've ever been to (in NYC or otherwise), St. Mark's appears to carry more of "my kind" of books. On their hardcover fiction shelf, I oooh'd and aaah'd over almost ever novel I saw. No fluffy stuff showing their spines on those shelves, no sirree.
And here, in the comfort of your own browser, is your free sample:
Shep Fields Orchestra--Harbor Lights
Through the next 6 weeks this show will evolve and change daily as new ideas form on the blank canvases, colours appear on the "sketched ones" and the purchased finished ones will leave to make space for new blank canvases.
Pack beech leaves into an earthenware or glass jar until it’s about nine-tenths full. Pour the gin over the leaves, making sure they are well covered (they will oxidize and turn brown if exposed). Let steep for 7-10 days so the leaves can release their striking green pigment. Strain the infused June through cheesecloth or a jelly strainer bag.
With all the stories about kids duct taped, I was only partially surprised when I read about a flight attendant who, as a joke, put a toddler in the overhead compartment on a Virgin Airline flight (here). Though the stories I read on this don't have much detail, I also wonder how the flight attendant got a hold of the toddler. What were the parents doing while the flight attendant had the toddler? What the hell?
8. Tell us what are you currently addicted to: My favorite embellishment are liquid pearls - I love how the add texture and dimension to a card. It seems these days that every project has to have just a little bit of liquid pearls.
Pleasure without conscience,
The seventh day of each weekly lesson had about six group discussion questions to answer and discuss together. The book said the group discussion should last about 45 minutes, but unless you have a really talkative group, I don’t think the questions would necessarily take 45 minutes to discuss. A lot of the group discussion questions were still slightly personal in nature.
"The fighting", even though by its nature is disliked by the human soul because of the liability, of being killed, orbeing taken as a captive, or being injured, with the wasting ofthe wealth, the damaging of the industries, the destruction ofthe country, the spreading of fear and awe in the souls and the (possibility) of being exiled from one's homeland, Allah had made ready an immensely good reward that cannot be imagined by a human soul.
In this coming judgment against MONEY, God is not asking us all to quit our jobs, give away our bank accounts, and live solely through faith. But, many of us will lose our jobs and watch our savings disappear seemingly overnight. The point of this next crisis is to change our hearts – so that we work for God, not for money. So we look to God to provide food, clothing, health, security, happiness, salvation – and not rely on Money for what only God can truly give.
And Gellert Grindelwald, once a name of dread,
your old Wolf and your many fans worldwide
Get hunting for those Easter Eggs!
a book and wrote kind things on
Most instances the publicity and promotional aspects of the products and services available with the solopreneur need to be addressed thoroughly for the success of the business. Such ideas can be developed using common sense while analyzing whether the idea makes smart business sense. Outsourcing a publicity consultant’s help or consulting with recognized marketing practitioners can provide further insight on how best to start up the business, and make potential customers aware of the solopreneur’s ability and reputation.
And great fear came over the whole church, and over all who heard of these things.
I used a white 5"x7" card blank, with a mat of SU chocolate chip card under the embossed panel.
Well that’s it folks, it's late and I'm off to bed!
And unlike a lot of guys making a murky late-night brand of indie-soul right now, Woon's pleasingly warm and smooth tone, mixed mostly up-front with little obscuring reverb or distortion, gives you the feeling that he could have a straight R&B career if he wanted. His restraint and lack of melisma trickery seems more like a choice to fit the slow drift of the music, not a limitation, and his use of HTDW/Blake style heavily processed vocals is careful, like Burial samples deployed as background harmonies. Woon wants these songs to appeal to folks for whom digitally tweaked singing is an occasional fun special effect, rather than the whole draw. And while the album's mostly full of left-field R&B, there are also hints of Hall and Oates, 80s Brit synth-pop, house, and more. There's also an occasional and unfortunate tendency toward limp VH1-ready MOR ballads, which it must be said comprises the album's weakest stuff, though thankfully Woon doesn't indulge this side as much as a truly crossover-minded hack might.
Balancing? What does maintain balance mean? Yesterday a physical therapist described and demonstrated balance. His demonstration included using a wood stick. The stick was placed in the palm of his hand. He balanced the stick and described how the stick was balanced while in motion. He placed the stick on the table and asked what the sticks action is? I said balanced and he quickly said at rest. Movement and motion represent balance when your body is at rest it is motionless. Once you rise up and movement begins balance continues.
It has not
It may simply not be possible to convince human beings rationally to take a long-term view. People do not focus on the long term because they have to, but because they want to.
At any rate, when it comes to territorial integrity, Iranians have always shown a firm stance and demonstrated that they will not retreat an iota from their rights. In the 1980s when the United States and several European countries backed and equipped the late dictator Saddam Hussein in the war which he waged on Iran, the Iranians didn’t surrender an inch of their soil to the enemy.
That is the same distance as the arena in Newark. This new information prompted another question: What makes the Atlantic Yards arena sufficiently different from the Newark arena that it will not require street closings?
Moody nodded as she rose and saw the sheriff to the door. Watching him back out, she thought she saw him wipe the side of his face like one would wipe away a tear. Well, it was either a tear or sweat from this horrible, horrible, heat.
It hurts to even write this it’s so fricken idiotic.
I know it's been quite awhile since my last post...but little Miss Kalia is keeping me quite the zombie these days. I think I've been on the computer a handful of times since we've gotten home.
1410 Dollar Avenue sits in the heart of Durham North Carolina’s Trinity Park. The home has updated heating and air conditioning (2 systems), updated electrical service, a brand new roof, new bathroom fixtures, new windows and a new kitchen. Additionally a one year H.S.A Warranty is offered for buyer peace of mind.
Sport Watches For Men – Luminox Black Ops 8401 – Review
To give the room some dimension, charm and crispness we dressed the walls with simple white board and batten. I didn't do a tutorial on this (mainly because there are already a squillion out there though also because we kinda just made it up as we went along). I will say however, that if you're considering a similar treatment it's actually pretty straight forward - especially if you're willing to call spak your friend :-)
envelops me
Budget Secretary Butch Abad and wife, Congresswoman Dina Abad; PMS Chief Julia Abad, and Finance Secretary Purisima’s Chief of Staff Luis Abad visited the site together. Asked about their favorite link, they said, “Home.”
It became a rusty thing
Tonight I prepped a lunch for the first time in eons!
“If only I had more money.”
Hope you find some joy in today (:)
In hindsight, vision is always 20/20, but when writing a post while drinking Pink Squirrels, it's more like 20/12. Let me be a warning against BWUI*...don't do it!
This was the first brewpub that we stopped at on our west coast tour. The pub didn't disappoint. We were able to sample a few beers each and had a pretty good meal as well. We choose this over scalping Timbers FC tickets, which was going to cost us close to $200!
Park Gae In and Jeon Jin Ho. What an onscreen pair! Overall, I really love their interactions. There were a lot of sweet moments (though i would prefer that they’d remove “some”). It never failed to make each PT fan happy. I learned to love Gae In’s forecast, the insight of what she feels made me understand her more. The relationship was founded by friendship that even if there are misunderstandings, they knew each other well enough to straighten things and that they really make each other happy despite the hurt. I love the fact that there bonding moments are typical of what couples do making it more real and something all viewers can relate to and wish for.
We finally got to do some Tot School this week. On Tuesdays, Monkey See has ballet and tap so Monkey Do and I get to spend a lot of quality time together. We've been playing, reading, singing, and dancing. She has become quite the little talker, when she doesn't have her pacifier in her mouth. She has a very indepth conversation with me that only she understands. It's funny, because she uses very serious expressions.
Here is where Levi would interject and say that I should have stood my ground. I am the adult and they are the children. I agree with him in that that is what a normal completely composed mother should do. I am not normal and almost never composed when at Target with my children. I think the automatic door sensor gives your children special powers over you upon entrance to the store and removes all logic and reason from your brain making you do things you shouldn't.
CD of this, the source of this post. They're not in all of it.
Of course the media have immediately jumped to the only sensible conclusion and declared that the film must have captured a time traveller!!!! (not like them to sensationalise a story is it??!). But it has to be said, it is an odd bit of footage, that I find a little un-nerving to watch (especially in the clips now available when the woman in question has been 'zoomed in' and slowed down). Her mannerisms are completely consistent with those you see every minute of the day whilst walking down the road, and the 'grip' she has on the object is just like that of someone holding a mobile. Oh, and she is definitely talking into it too. The Walkie-Talkie wasn't invented until the 1940s, and transistor radios weren't around until the 1950s, so I have no idea what she could be talking into. Perhaps she was a bit cranky and just talking to herself? Perhaps she was holding the side of her face due to toothache and moving her jaw in pain? I don't know... I guess it's most likely she was a time traveler!
Then you have delicious Summer Squash Soup!
with your pals.
Nowhere in the above exhaustive list have I ever suggested that I wear a handbag to carry other people’s important/random pieces of crap.
Now I get to play with 5″ squares and figure out how wonderful old traditional blocks could be created from these squares or designing new quilt blocks. This is what’s on my design wall right now:
this is my first nomination ever since i’ve started blogging in december, and i’m so honored and happy!
But if you’re looking for a great read about this fascinating city we call Pareeee, then look no further. Bravo David!
Red Bull, last years construction champions, and their driver, Seb Vettel, world champion, are open to application for Internships right now. I’m too old to apply, but they have a difficult application test that you have to pass first to apply.
This weekend was amazing.
By Sharon Page
274...extra cuddles with my third
Do I think it's important to talk about sales/money? Well, yeah. I think it's important to let authors know that self-publication IS a viable choice in today's market. Do I think that's the ONLY thing we should focus on? NO.
“Now, are we going to rock out or gossip like little bitches? Your call, girls! But, Make it now, ’cause tonight’s a big deal!”
“I know what you are thinking” He said.
Choose tiny plants, with tiny leaves and tiny flowers. The ground-cover section is a good place to look.
There isn’t really romance in this book, like I originally thought, but the love that is evident in Sarai and Abram after over fifty years of marriage is the stuff of dreams. Passion is the last thing Sarai and Abram’s marriage is lacking. There is sex mentioned in this book, naturally due to the contents, however, it’s discreet and talked about in biblical lingo. Seduction is also something handled in this book, again discreetly and again in biblical language, making hardly something to worry about.
The second choice is God’s.
11:00 am Pumped at my desk - thank goodness for office doors!
From Germany, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble offered his support for Spain by criticizing the S&P ratings move. He said it undermined efforts by the Spanish government to overhaul its finances. “The decision makes a situation that’s already critical even more critical,” Mr. Schäuble told Germany’s WDR radio.
In less than a day, I will be seeing my family! Wheee! Updates on food and family will be coming are forthcoming.
When will we look at ourselves and say my demise is by my design.
10. Hip To Hoo / Doo Doo A Do Do / Trouble Your Money (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
Brewed: 04-16-2009
Note that ferry and bus services are included in the admission price and tickets are only available online. To purchase tickets click this link.
In fact, if there is any piece of classical music that my mother can be said to hate, it would be Bolero. I think mom’s issue with it is that she hates the repetition of it and she hates the way it makes her heart beat in the rhythm of the drums.
One region in eastern Quebec, however, has always been solidly French Canadian and yet has low incidences of Tay Sach’s and mucoliposes. This is Beauce County, a region south of Quebec City that covers the Chaudière valley up to the American border. Furthermore, Beaucerons are stereotyped as being self-reliant, business-minded go-getters—the “Yankees” of Quebec.
So far we have been lucky, but I know it is only a matter of time...
The sound of music hard to face
For few moments everybody was quiet and looking at ‘that’ girl. As soon as she looked at us, everybody changed their eyesight and again reminded Akshay,
In the Beginning, and into the Middle of the memoir, the protagonist freely shows her flawed self, which, at times, comes across neurotic enough that if her writing were not so compelling, the reader might not stay with her. However, the more flawed the character, the greater the possibility in the final transformation.
This week we are in for a real treat! Monday Sarah Wauterlek of Sarah Wauterlek Photography will share a little about someone very dear to her heart, Kathi Macias gives some wonderful thoughts on grace, and Cindy Stiverson will finish out the week with some great thought on what the phrase "God Bless You" really means.
And not bad, being seated between Jack Nicholson and Frankie Valli, with Carl Lewis behind us, and one of my favorites, Danny DeVito, next to Frankie. I was disappointed that Philip Roth didn't make it. He is surely one of America's finest novelists. Not to mention that our mothers went to high school in Elizabeth together.
“I will come back to the same thing again and again. I’m afraid that Malaysians won’t do their bit.
The task itself was to create 3 images the same that had been done last week only this time to use the printing method we had been experimenting with in that weeks lesson.
An opinion column in June in the Global Times, a national newspaper in China, took aim at US public high schools in general and Millinocket in particular. The author, an adjunct instructor at a law school program in China and a former high school …
How are we renewed? The Holy Ghost does us so. He is the one who applies the shed blood of Jesus Christ to our account by His baptism.
Would it prevent more misunderstandings?
The day outside is beautiful. While he sleeps I could take some pictures...
- 1 tablespoon of caster sugar
* Set the search path for modules. This has a format similar to the
Do we realize how it makes other people feel? How it gnaws into their soul?
By Monday Dec 27th, it was becoming obvious that this family was going to have a HUGE uphill battle trying to convince their agency to let them proceed. The family was also having trouble with their Social Worker and funding issues. I contacted the advocate and offered a donation to this family to help with their funding issues. In the meantime, I had talked to CP about this boy and got a "No". It wasn't so much the boy himself, just that we would be adding TWO boys at once to our family of four children.
But what about J.J. Abrams?
Next time you’d rather clean out your desk than force yourself to sit down and write something, try this easy approach:
“Our dominant media are ultimately accountable only to corporate boards whose mission is not life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for the whole body of our republic, but the aggrandizement of corporate executives and shareholders.
I love the light banter which happens. Hawk’s character finds his feelings develop in a much more slow rate where as Julianne has loved him for most of her life. But this was not just a love story. Dreiling gets the reader into the plot with the creation of the pamphlet Julianne creates with the help of Hawk’s aunt, Hester (who I loved in the book). The story which is created is funny way which Julianne grows up and learns about herself and becomes stronger.
After you’ve answered WHO your participants are and WHERE are they coming from, you can then start thinking about the best area to hold your meeting.
And I’m going to foist pictures on you, because I know that looking at someone else’s ultrasound pictures is almost as exciting as looking at someone else’s vacation slides!
1 oz. Willamette (5% AA, 15 min.) Flowers
So I officially decided that Air force and Navy were my top two choices and Marines my third. Marines would have been my number one had they had a career path I was interested in.
“I said ‘what are you doing here?’” said Keenan, “and he said ‘What are YOU doing here?’ We both laughed.”
I was destined to live in San Francisco based on one of the earliest stories I remember from my childhood. My dad and his brother-in-law took a day trip to the city when I was a toddler, and when reporting to my mom about their activities of the afternoon, decided to freak her out.
Yesterday morning I woke up at 6 am to the alarm
Thursdays 8pm-dark
In lieu of many ad and PR campaigns, the Coborns Plaza have yet to fill over half of their occupancy. Out of the 461 available rooms, 225 have been filled. And despite the current vacancy, Residential Life predicts that the number will rise to somewhere between 300 and 385 for next year.
- Alonzo Gee really impressed me, a very incorrect travelling call negated what would have been the monster dunk of the night. He will be stealing a ton of Casspi minutes, especially if the Israeli continues to play like he did tonight.
One Nation ....(then he whispered) Under God
The same judge that ruled in my favour, Mr Justice Tugendhat, ruled in June 2010 that in order to bring a claim for libel, claimants must prove that they have been substantially affected by the offending article, rather than simply being able to demonstrate an adverse effect of publication. The ruling was made in response to a claim against Lynn Barber and the Telegraph Newspaper Group over a book review, and applauded by journalists and news organisations as a step forward for press freedom.
German Irises - these are just about the most glorious of all the irises.
“That would be great.”
Stop bitching about the prices and eat some fish!
“Transformational Life Mapping” with Tina Amorok (part 2 of 4)
God does not favor the popular. He does not give preferential treatment to the celebrity. If he did, he would not be the God is today. He humbles the proud, he lifts up the meek, and he loves us all, sinner, saint, and sports hero the same—yesterday, today, and forever. That is why he is an awesome God, not because Tim Tebow throws touchdowns for Him.
I can almost see it
Kanye: "Well yeah you got serious junk in the trunk, your ass looks massive"
love is the victim
+ Now that the web seems to be going more to a visual format with the likes of Pinterest, Flickr, Tumblr, etc, there's also a newish site called Cowbird that I am thinking of checking out. They are invite only right now and describe themselves as:
After the third day of having the flu/fever, lying in bed with fever chills, having a swollen and painful neck, and not being able to stand up or swallow... I thought it would probably be a good idea to finally see a doctor.
My friends no longer call me after 9:30 pm. They know better…It’s after 9:30 pm on Monday; the phone rings, Late night calls have sculpted me into a vigilant night sleeper. As I check the caller ID, a very famiiar number, Mom’s assisted living facility. “Your Mom fell out of bed, she refused for us to call you and refuses to go to the hospital by ambulance,” a voice announces with an accent that would be lovely singing a song. “Do you think she needs to go to the hospital?” I ask, with memories of 5 recent hospitalizations that began with a fall. “You need to decide,” the singer, who in reality I know is one of her caregivers emphasizes. I grab my lipstick, knowing that my tired face underlys my compassion fatigue; the lipstick adds brightness to my weariness. As I arrive,grabbing a caregiver with a blood pressure cuff on the way, we enter and she is talking to my brother in Alaska, whom I have already notified. Her blood pressure has stabilized, her knees are bruised, her weariness of God’s plan to keep her here are all visible.
Netherne-on-the-Hill
and Palm breweries.
There are a few different ways of “how to become a nanny” but these basics are pretty much included no matter which way you choose go.
Google +: I do very little over there as it has nothing new to offer.
It’s hard to get a room of 15-20 people to agree, let alone a nation of 330 million.
Petey Rabbit
Just wait, you mocking weeds, my runny nose, burning calves with my pulled hamstrings are going back to my friendly neighborhood everything store and I am getting the biggest container of Up Round, just wait!
By some estimates, about 20 percent of women suffer from a condition called “brittle nail syndrome.” While it may sound like just a fancy name for nails that break easily, the causes go deeper than that. Brittle nails are ones that can’t hold on to moisture, so the layers of the nail plate dry out and crack. Medically speaking, it’s possible for an under-active thyroid to cause both dry skin and brittle nails. Nutritionally, a diet low in iron can cause nails to become thin, brittle and easily broken (eating more green, leafy vegetables, red meat and eggs will help boost your iron intake). Biotin supplements (a B-complex vitamin) have also been shown to improve the condition of brittle nails. And your habits play a role as well. The main culprit: excessive exposure to water. Constantly wetting and drying your hands (and nails) can make brittleness worse.
Leslie Nielsen, whose longtime career as a dramatic actor took a sudden turn into comedy with spoofs like "Airplane!" and "The Naked Gun," has died at age 84, his family said Sunday.
Because the first year at secondary school is always the worst.
~Blessings~
This child is obsessed with chewing gum and at first it was funny because she was like a two year old side show freak who could chew the same piece of gum for three hours and people would comment "wow, she really doesn't swallow it?"
The modern man ingests in his lifetime an incredible amount of chemicals, artificial flavors and additives. Although there is growing awareness regarding healthy eating, there is also a lot of misinformation and disinformation.
He tells her she is special
Mark Meadows (REP) 48.90% 1,240
I hear the whistle, that's the call
June 7
Tidy gave a huff that was somewhere between a snort and a sneeze.
the fun of new years with friends . . . and the lil' miss's very first slumber party.
So these little Cupid Cupcakes are what I have made for our Valentine Party tomorrow night to meet the 'Cake Criteria Rule.' They will be served along side Cupid's Crunch, heart shaped pizza, heart shaped jello and heart shaped cookies. And any thing else I can get my heart shaped cookie cutter to slice through. You know, if you're gonna do it, you might as well do it right!
So I started shopping around a little more.
Look, look! I mean, read, READ!
Kasztner was a wealthy and prominent member of the Hungarian Jewish community. The fate of the Hungarian Jews is particularly tragic, as over 90% of them died … all in the last year of the war. Hungary didn’t come under Nazi control until the summer of 1944. Elie Wiesel was among this group. Many Holocaust survivors still around were from this group (simply because overall survival rates were a lot better if you were in the Nazi system for a year rather than six like the Polish Jews). In fact, the majority of Chassidic “courts” that are large players in contemporary Judaism (like the Satmars) are Hungarian. Anyway this is tangential.
So to make this post a little more fun I'm going to share some recent artists I've learned about since we had a contemporary artist presentation to give in printmaking. Maybe it'll inspire some of you lovely readers =)
Using John Boos Cutting Boards To Avoid Food Poisoning
In short, I think to be a part of a community is to be brave. Whispering sweet nothing, fantasy dreamscapes in a game of pillow talk with your significant other is a much different thing than being open, transparent, and vulnerable to an audience. There, in that nest of comfort, between those warm sheets of love, we feel safe: guarded against the world and its judgments.
Sign. Me. Up. lady with the clipboard.
For me the pleasure of skiing is in its freedoms. It is the one area of my life where I can truly mix elemental living with excitement and physical pleasure. Gardening does that – in a more gentle way of course - in my daily life, but skiing is the ultimate escape into the majesty of the natural world. The birds of prey riding the thermals around the snowy peaks, the glimpse of chamois clinging to rocks, the tracks of unknown creatures across otherwise virgin wastes, the squeak of fresh snow, the smoothness of the ski gliding through it, the puffs of white crystals catching the sun’s rays, the elemental loneliness of skiing in a white-out, the knowledge that friendly mountains can just as quickly become foes, the feeling that you are truly alive. You are dancing with life.
* homemade sour cream: to make 1 cup of sour cream, mix 1 cup (240ml) heavy cream with 2-3 teaspoons lemon juice in a bowl. Whisk until it starts to thicken. Cover with plastic wrap and leave at room temperature for 1 hour or until thicker (I usually leave mine on the counter overnight – except on very warm nights – and it turns out thick and silky in the following morning; refrigerate for a creamier texture)
- Be the person you always wanted to be. You are who you are and you need to truly accept that.
Making spells
Ten years ago my wife and I made a 40 mile trip to Arcadia, Florida to get her Christmas present, a cute, bubbly and totally crazy pug.
so many things to learn about…
Differences of taste aside, it was helpful to hear the architects' vision for the market area. It will be interesting to see whether the hoped-for developments in usage occur, and how well the new granite and painted tarmac age. At the moment, the square remains a rather empty place and it may require further effort from the Council to change that. More positively, the number of market stalls has apparently increased since the changes so there are grounds for optimism.
How? Life insurance will never be sexy, but it’s time to crawl out from under our rock, put on a new shade of lipstick and get asked to the big dance.
where the 2012 National Christian
1/2 cup low-fat buttermilk
Remember when George W. Bush sent US soldiers into Darfur to stop the genocide taking place there? Remember how he was hounded from office afterwards? Oh, shit. He was re-elected. I guess that means he made the right decision (at least for a majority of US voters).
The falafel I'm sharing with you today are made using chickpeas and stays crunchy for long time. Enjoy it!
(Has anyone else noticed that this series puts anything remotely connected to a holiday or special month about as far from that time of year as possible? Perfect story for Columbus Day? Let's put it in the Spring! *soapbox off*)
Does any sane person think that Romney could have gotten away with this position during one of those “let ‘em all die!” republican debates earlier this year?
Happy Friday, everyone! I know we're all ready for the weekend (and maybe some warmer weather!?). I'm super excited to be guest posting for the lovely Katie over at His Diamond and Mine today! She recently got engaged, so I thought I'd share just a few little lessons I've learned about marriage since we all know that being married almost 2 years makes me kind of an expert (bah!). You all should definitely go check it out!
I know there’s a camera on my mobile phone¹, but a dedicated camera will be better than a mobile phone². So, I am on the lookout.
11 of 11 people found the following review helpful.
May I recommend any of the following - kwa Mashu , Umlazi, Thembisa , Khatlehong , Mdantsane, all offer fine REAL African Experiences.
A definition
The IAF is said to be worried about the advanced anti-aircraft systems that Russia has sold to countries in the region, the report said. Among those systems, the SA 17 and 22 in Syria and Iran present a challenge.
-Camellia Blouse-Anthropologie
Recommendation: The work to implement the resolutions of the Bureau on the formation mechanisms of action to draw and ensure distribution and mechanisms of control and follow-up.
Somehow, Emma still hasn’t been read. I am currently reading Jane’s minor works and plan to read Emma by the end of summer. I finished Lady Susan just the other day. At the moment I’ve almost half finished Love and Friendship. I’ll be borrowing Sanditon from a friend and I think I’ll be done.
A bloke in trouble recounts several stories to a Caliph, surrounding a man who has a gate that you can travel in time through - and meet future or past selves.
Mighty Thor #13
My husband ordered the Insanity workout program last week. I really wanted to hit the gym today, but then my 4 year old and I decided we would test out Insanity for ourselves. I was really proud of my little guy who stayed with it throughout nearly the entire Fit Test dvd. My baby boy, however, thought it would be fun to try and foil my workout intentions. I tried my best to stick with it while I was being climbed on, yelled at, and attacked from every angle. Oh, and at one point my sweet little bundle thought I made a good prop for his target. I was trying my best to keep my core tight and hold my form as magnetic darts were being thrown at me.
Chuck Mangione - Flugelhorn, Rhodes Electric Piano
I knew it, I just knew some moron was going to ask me to raise the dead. This one is just as bad as mucking around with the time/space continuum, people!! Sure, I know what you're thinking, "But, its just a kid's cat? What so wrong with that? Don't be such a jerk!" But that's just how it starts! First its just a cat. Then its just a dog. Next its just a herd of sheep. Then it'll just be Grandpa but only long enough so he can tell us where he hid that priceless antique bed pan used by President Lincoln that one time. Suddenly, everyone will be clamoring for a one night special engagement of Bob Marley! Why not make it a week! And before you know it Vegas will be overrun with Zombies of the greatest musical talents of the last half century, playing some of the greatest concerts ever to be heard, and eating the brains of their groupies. It will be Armageddon, although, an Armageddon with one hell of a soundtrack. No, I'm gonna be a jerk and just poof into existence a cat that looks a heckuva lot like your first one.
Key Lesson: Jesus respects honesty in people – even if they challenge Him
How to Wear a Celebrity Inspired Dress on a Budget
I also prefer eating sushi XD ♥♥ so that's OK LOL !!
6And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:
And while it is true…there is deep pain and anguish when our dreams are crushed, like David…we ought to find a place for God not necessary to revive our dreams, but rather to WORSHIP… to thank Him for what we had or hoped to have; to find hope for the next season; to ask for courage to deal with our present and forget the past; to gather the broken pieces and redeem what we can and dispose what we cannot. WORSHIP…makes us understand the heart of God…in the matter and allowing Him to shape and birth NEW DREAMS in our hearts. David lost a son, but he gained a son who GOD LOVED!
I watched with absolute pleasure. It brings me such happiness to create bonds with people, to teach and learn, to share joys and break down barriers and this was a very special one. The language challenge was gone. The opportunity to share with each other created a memorable experience for all, and it was serenely sweet to watch them all partake in this simple, heartfelt custom that they knew in a different way.
We now have the Internet, Facebook, Linked-in and other social networking tools. They weren’t of any help in finding Irshad. Wikipedia entry on him is in German. I blogged about him – Irshad Mia, where are you ? – in the hope that if Irshad or someone who knew of his current whereabouts were to read my piece in DadiNani , he or she would know where to find me. This was my way of sending a message-in-the-bottle, tossed out into cyberspace.
You know.... beautiful, golden trophies for....
Don’t get me wrong, I love digital content. It’s incredibly convenient, reduces clutter and waste, and opens doors to smaller creators who would never have the budget for a large-scale “hard-copy” release. But its slippery slope undeniably leads down into a whirling mass of razor blades. The worst-case scenario is that we’d live in a disc-free world only to find that while we buy all these movies and games (or for that matter, music and books), we don’t own them.
welcome back daddy!
Simply put, they are bloody stupid, and they rule us. Furthermore Zoooooma says they will rule us until the second coming. I believe him.
Cost: ASA Members: $10
The AIA will expand the scope of inventions to which a defence of infringement based on a prior use of an invention applies. Currently, a defence based on prior use is available only with respect to a method of doing or conducting business (see 35 USC §273). Under the AIA, the defence will be available for a process, a machine, manufacture, or composition of matter used in a manufacturing or other commercial process regardless of the field of technology. A substantial commercial use of the invention must be made at least one year before the earlier of either the effective filing date or the first disclosure of the invention claimed in the patent against which a defence is asserted. However, this defence is not available if the patent against which this defence is asserted was owned or to be subject to an obligation of assignment to universities at the time of invention. This defence will apply to any patent issued after 16 September 2011.
Deep in the jungle some have never met another human, they live in peace at one with the land, they understand nature and how their world works, they do not with for fine things as they have the best gift, they have the gift of life, a true happy life,
there is no rhyme or reason.
I am really happy with this page ...
Anglia Water Group, "Love Every Drop". I think u mean "Profitise Every Drop" the old state old Water Board did it better, cheaper and without the fatuous motto.
So what about you guys? I wanna see some of your past costumes. What are your plans for this Halloween? Will you be dressing up or handing out candy?? Do you carve pumpkins too?? Tell me all about it!!
To prepare dressing, combine first 7 ingredients, stirring well.
They never speak negatively about how they look, they simply do
I saw you sitting on that seat as
There are no more mass civil rights demonstrations on the order of those in the 1960s. The largest one in post-civil rights America took place in Jena,Louisiana, in 2006, a racially mixed town of about 3,000, where 20,000 African-American demonstrators gathered to protest the unfair sentences meted out to six black students who had beaten a white student unconscious. The beating was in retaliation for the dangling of nooses from an oak tree by white students after a black student had asked sit in the shade of the tree “by custom” reserved for whites.
The most exhausting thing in life, I have discovered, is being insincere. That is why so much of social life is exhausting; one is wearing a mask. I have shed my mask.
Girlschool (feat. 'Fast' Eddie Clarke): Emergency
I have caught a bit of the travel bug lately. Unfortunately, I am in no financial spot to go traipsing around the world despite how much I want to. I can, however, go back in time a bit and reminisce about some adventures I have had. I took out a few photos from my travels through Hungary. This was almost 8 years ago to the day. It was such an awesome experience and I had so much fun. The downsides: I found no one spoke any English and I couldn't speak that much Hungarian so TONS of stuff was lost in translation and restaurant food got a bit dicey sometimes. By the end I was sticking to only MacD's because at least I could count on recognizing the food! Of course all this makes for funny stories now so I wouldn't have had it any other way.
While I don’t think we need to give up at every sign of conflict, surrender can be an effective tool when prayer doesn’t yield an answer or when an issue is at a point where there seems to be no other resolution. Surrender gives us rest and peace. When we surrender our rights, we put our full trust in God for the results. Even better, we know that even if the situation may not work out exactly as planned, God can make good come out of a bad situation and even bless us from another direction.
until each incorporated before adding the next, and scraping down the
False.
I. Feel. Like. Superwoman.
I remember the first time I heard of a player taking his own life. Andre Waters, a hard-hitting safety for the dominant Philadelphia Eagles teams of the late 80′s and early 90′s killed himself in 2006. After his autopsy, it was discovered that the 44 year old Waters’ brain had degenerated to that of an 85 year old. That same year Terry Long, a retired offensive lineman drank died after drinking antifreeze. Doctors again discovered significant trauma to the brain of the 45 year old. Each of these deaths were very similar, bouts of depression combined with decreased ability to make decisions, increased violence and ultimately death. Even players like Chris Henry, the Bengals receiver who died in a strange auto accident have been discovered to have brain damage at the time of their deaths.
Better yet, couple your description with action; give it movement. Have snow crunching beneath running feet. Have a character dodging around a stalled car. Have the blood of a victim staining winter-dry leaves.
you kept concealed within you.
At the head of the sarcophagus sat rows of tall ceramic urns, broken and crumbled. The arrangement gave the impression of vast age. Only the strongest elements – obsidian, crystal, and petrified skin and bone remained of a rich entombment.
I was going to start taking the decorations down today but, like most years, I just can't bring myself to do it until I positively have to, on Twelfth Night. In fact, If I had a spare room, I would just transfer everything into there and bring it all out again intact each Christmas!
It would be very nice for some white people to see all the clear advantage of South Africa, instead of sit on website complaining how bad it is.
Vicki
I'll cite specific instances below, but this story turned up in English first, I think, in the English website of Al-Arabiya, was picked up by the tabloid The Daily Mail, and then started to turn up all over the place: in rabid right-wing Islamophobic sites, of course, but also in liberal venues like The Huffington Post. For the right, it proves the morbid perversity of Islam; for the left, it proves the repression of women. Both points might be well taken if anyone had the slightest evidence that any such law exists. No one has produced any.Yet by the time it gets to The Daily Mail, the story has become:
The sad reality is that both Kercher and Knox suffered under our collective need to typecast women with disastrous consequences – justice for none.
Word of advice: If you don't put this on a pizza pan or some other pan with a lip around the edge, make sure you place aluminum foil under the crust and form your own border.
One of our local motors who resides in South City is a CHP motor. We'll bump into each other on car stops, at traffic court and just motoring around.
AWP: Was being stylish important to you growing up in your teens? Is it now?
In the end, they decided to ... either love it or list, but I'm not going to ruin it for you. Watch for yourself, and if you haven't thrown a rock through the TV screen, then pat yourself on the back. But you will agree - that Michael is a total CUNT.
The moment a single European voice, such as Geert Wilders' is raised against what is being done to us and our European brothers across our continent, he is banned from our shores (albeit that may be reversed if in dawns on David Silly-Bland that was a tactical error). Yet a days before a Muslim Peer makes a totally undemocratic threat and our legislators fawningly and instantly submit.
Van Raighan's Last Stand
Yes, Puck is a fair weather doggy, but all this rain will bring lots of green soon. And in the spirit of the holiday, here's a simple and easy soda bread that makes lots of variations!
Enough of work.
On Thursday he began with sneezing. He is not necessarily the sort to direct that into his sleeve. On Friday he started sniffling and shuffling. I gave him Tylenol and vitamin C. By afternoon he was complaining of a scratchy throat so I gave him some honey and lemon drops with a topical anesthetic to soothe his throat.
Roll out the crescent rolls in a baking dish or cookie sheet that has a lip. After beating the eggs (I usually add a little milk, salt and pepper), pour it over the crescent rolls. Add whatever goodies you want on it; crisp bacon is always my favorite.
My name is Lucia (pronounced Lu-See-Ah…the Spanish way, not the Italian way!) and I’m a 17-year-old girl from Beijing. Now I live in the suburbs of Detroit, where I run cross country, watch soccer matches religiously, and read way too many historical romances. (They’re my guilty pleasure!)
Here is the whole sheet of fishing cuteness....with your freebie sentiment...
This next bit will sound corny, and I apologize beforehand, but common, imagine you were me and your meeting your sibling for the first time!
“California, San Francisco, August 31, 1854. For malt liquors the demand is not so active as it was a month ago, although it is at all times considerable, and on the increase. Large sales of J. & R. Tennent’s bottled ale have been, during the last fortnight, at 3 dols. 62 cents to 3 dols. 75 cents per dozen, and a sale of about 300 hhds. of the same brand in wood, to arrive, at 60 dols. per hhd. This brand has a larger sale, and is more sought after than any other in the market, from its being peculiarly adapted to the warm climate of the interior, and is much used in San Francisco also.”
As the paddycake was coming to a close, one of the young girls leaned over to Lindsay and asked, "Why just one song?" Apparently, they were confused why they just were chanting, "Down, together, left, together..." and were ready to move to more complex moves. Next time we'll have to add the baker's man.
Eating yummy homemade birthday cake with friends and family.
it was someone I didn't know.
I almost wanted to whisk you off to Toronto. But I don't think you'd like that. I'd marry you but you'd probably resent that eventually.
and find I don't have, or take, the time to write them down.
(Text Box comment Page 6)
2. Being hit square in the head with a CREATIVE IDEA! I am a person of “Bright Faith” which can be quote by the fabulous Danielle LaPorte as being, “Holy Cow. I’m standing at the beginning of something that is so insanely ripe with potential that I wanna get naked and roll all over it while singing rock opera.”
Won't you join me?!
The lonely mother,
‘Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts. And do not present your members as instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness to God. For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but under grace.’
a two minute acoustic instrumental of immortality, not on the official set list
The thing is strictly up to you;
What is the difference between site planning and town planning
5. Download a poetry app for your smartphone or tablet.
flying by on bat-wings
And Terrelle and his wife want something good to come out of their tragedy.
What spurred his sexist anti-female essay? His assertion that females have no right to discuss gender and its relationship to our women’s liberation movement, and his complaint about such a previous discussion hosted on the Ms. Blog here: http://msmagazine.com/blog/blog/2012/03/20/future-of-feminism-transfeminism-and-its-conundrums
The end of the tunnel collapse in on me;
I can’t thank them enough for my giving me life again
53. Urban Cowboy (Debra Winger/John Travolta) – I love this soundtrack, I love Debra Winger. I am evidently a hick at heart.
It seems Rachel Cooke will always be the source of a raised eyebrow in my household, however. I remember back in 2004 reading one of her more "famous" articles. She interviewed the family of a missing woman in Texas in the US. Why? What was the news value for a UK audience? Oh, that's simple: the woman had the same name. Reporter Rachel in the UK says she searched for her own name on Google. It turned out another Rachel Cooke, in the US, was missing, presumed murdered. Our Rachel was so taken aback - never mind the news judgement - that she flew to Texas a few weeks later to report on her namesake. Journalists are still scratching their heads about this one. I say what a novel way to earn some more of that "good writer's" cash that she goes on about. Of course, no disrespect to the Texas family at the centre of that article; what's in question here is the UK reporter's motive for covering it.
I was born in 1950 to parents of Italian descent who were Catholic. As a child I was in awe of what happened at church every Sunday because the priest, who was dressed in robes and was surrounded by lit candles and incense, seemed to my boyhood mind like some special magician between the people, sitting in typical sheep-like fashion, and God.
The latest version numbers are:
“Love is eternal, sacred light…” (Paul Simon) I don’t know what else to do but open my heart to love and allow the love of life to flow into me, through me, out of me… to know and understand, to accept and forgive… It is hard. But life is worth the effort.
My birthday falls during that August week in Houston. My grandma drives me to a mall that day. After we return, as I walk towards the house, grandma runs after me and yells, “wait a minute, wait for me.” I think her behavior is odd until I walk inside. Everyone screams, “SURPRISE.”
Meaning to say, our tendency to be greedy, vain, judgmental and other idiosyncratic desires has always been, and will forever be, the bane of our own wellbeing. Which is something many of us fail to realize – we feel automatically cultured and civilized the moment we adopt a certain belief system or way of life, forgetting that its very fundamentals aren’t found essentially in the way we dress, or eat, or greet each other even, for instance.
‘Sarah Teather is the main block to this,’ said one. ‘Ministers at the Department for Work and Pensions have expressed support for this policy, but to no avail.’
I am grateful… and along the lines of the job thing again....I am so grateful that my husband opened his heart to the Lord and he heard what He had to say. Greg is SO certain that the Lord is going to provide for us in this transition. He is SO sure that we're going to be ok and he says he's expecting us to do BETTER. It's all perspective. I am so grateful for my husband.
I digress…
Here's what August 13-17 looks like for our family:
(P.s. Thank you all for your support and encouragement and love. I have not been able to answer any of your comments on my last couple of posts because it’s painful, but know that they have meant a world to me. Thanks♥)
Tanya took a lean on the nearest table. “Just running from job to job, like always. Still writing, I see.”
Location: after a trip from hell from Bangkok: Koh Tao
Yesterday I took my girlfriend's niece, Courtney,out for a bike ride while my girlfriend and her sister were doing a Zumba class. She has just started to learn and is using stabilisers but she is making great progress. When we had a break we started to write a little poem about her riding the bike. I took the bits we wrote and all the notes and worked this poem from them.
****Then we count to three and pull them out again!
Never part of the solution.
New year - New season for us at the 'Arena Theatre' in Wolverhampton. What an exciting season we have coming up for you. Not only do we have the classics such as - 'The Trial'. The new up and coming shows such as - 'Gleaked Up.' The local Theatre companies such as - 'Foursight Theatre' and 'Impulse Productions' but we also have THE Mr Steven Berkoff coming to perform for us. This is a pretty big thing for Wolverhampton and the University. But, for the Theatre it really is something else.
Specific issues within the Bible that are addressed include the ethics of slavery, whether the idea of hell is moral, how do we understand Israel’s conquests in the book of Joshua, does Christianity suppress human sexuality and why should one believe in Jesus over the flying spaghetti monster? All of these issues and more are dealt with clarity and honesty.
Image of: Can CWs "The Selection" catch "Hunger Games" fire?
DO QUIT SMOKING LASER TREATMENTS WORK?
I get to school, head to Stamp and started studying, reviewing things I wasn’t 100% sold on remembering, and finished my morning coffee.
…creating ripples….
This is really just Turkish diplomacy moving into the third stage of challenging the status quo in the Aegean Sea. Using an obvious parallel, Recep Erdogan had his march into the Rhineland moment with Cyprus, and drilling thereof. Now he’s trying to engineer an Anschluss.
May 27 - Jeff Conaway, actor (Bobby Wheeler on "Taxi"), 60
I promise there is hope
2. I will need to break one time from the challenge for an Indian potluck I'm hosting. I will spend no more than $15 on my dish for the potluck (hopefully less if I can find a recipe using mostly ingredients I have on hand).
Several years ago the Raelians (a religious group that believes humans were created by intelligent designers from outer space) founded an organization, Clitoraid, to offer free clitoris reconstruction surgeries to women who had undergone clitoridectomy – one form of female circumcision or female genital mutliation/cutting (FGM/C) – so that they could have the pleasure of clitoral stimulation restored to them. Clitoraid uses language that reduces sexual pleasure to clitoral orgasms and that treats African women’s bodies as objects that can be reduced to clitorises and adopted. That said, it is true that their mission is indeed to provide free surgery to women who need it. They do this by funding surgeries at a clinic in Trinidad Colorado, and also by using donations to build a hospital in Burkina Faso.
I won’t send you away
Lets just say TGIF!! For sure. I think God made Fridays to make up for the bad Mondays, Bad Tuesdays, Bad Wednesdays and even worst Thursday.
“I don’t give a tiny rat’s ass what I interrupted you in the middle of, I’m in serious trouble here!”
Salzburg - Paris
16. Single? Married? In a relationship?
Please leave $500.00 under west steps of Hyde Park Baptist Church, Cor. 2nd & Cong. Ave, Hyde Park. Leave money by 6 oclock Friday evening Apr. 12, 1901. Said amount must be in gold and greenback. Bills must not be larger than $20.00 a peice. If money is left by said time, we will repay it soon. If said money is not left at said place by said time, we will kill you or some of your family or destroy your property soon. You can take the risk of losing your life or of getting the money back, just as you like. We are gamblers and have done this several times before and have always got the money. We have always paid it back inside of six months. You must say nothing about this to no one till you get your money back. But if you think you can catch us, and fo mention this, you and your family and property are in same danger, and you will be destroyed as quick as possible. We have asked you as gentlemen should; now be a gentleman and leave the full amount. You will not miss $500.00 for six months. Take warning from us.
Since baby bug has come to live with us, we have treated him as our own. I have a journal of all of his doctors appointments, firsts, adorable faces he makes, what makes him happy, how much he weighs and pictures. In essence it’s a scrapbook of his time here. If he leaves, he wont be missing this time of his life when he is older. If he stays, great he has a baby book!
Flacco took it one step further Tuesday, telling WNST 1570 in Baltimore on Tuesday that he believes he’s the “best” quarterback in the NFL.
There are many exceptions. I have a small number of friends who are also writers and they always inspire me. I love meeting with them and talking, and I love reading their work. And there are a mass of writers around me who I don't know very well, but I admire.
They were the victim of falling gravities after 1914, similar to Porter. Breweries had a habit of retaining the name of their most prestigious Bitter, usually PA, as they cut gravities and culled their beer range. AK, being the bottom of the Bitter pile, was often the first to be cut.
every time you leave me...
come to me now! I miss you so much!
February 21st I left a message for the wife of the buyers for my boat deal that had fallen through. Told her I’d like to talk briefly and had a proposition to make. Also on the 21st I had arranged a dinner party, something I never did! I had invited my life coach Peter, my brother and his partner, my sis-in-law and a girlfriend. I was nervous cooking for everyone as cooking is not my fortay, but managed okay.
The container has a 5-qt. capacity, and is dishwasher safe. (Just in case you forget it for a couple of days and get a "science experiment" growing inside.)
This has the player not looking through at the world thru a first person perspective, but from above, the "just below the sky" level of viewpoint. The player uses a mouse pointer to choose a worker, or workers, who then build buildings, which then make soldiers and tanks and planes, which then proceed to kill off enemy units and destroy enemy buildings.
High Hopes - Skanatra (Sinatra W’59)
Life had something else planned for me though. As much as I resisted the thought of letting in Love, it didn’t just seep in, it POURED in on not only myself but upon my children. A man walked into our lives that would change us forever.
This bike shop is next to Lululemon. Unlike many other bike stores, the employees are not arrogant jerks. They'll inflate your tires and do other minor adjustments for free. Really nice and knowledgeable people. Nice selection of bikes too.
Del's big debut. Tracks still as good as when they first came out.
In June 1923 a gig in Atlantic City, New Jersey, led to a play date at the prestigious Exclusive Club in Harlem. This was followed in September 1923 by a move to the Hollywood Club – 49th and Broadway – and a four-year engagement, which gave Ellington a solid artistic base. He was known to play the bugle at the end of each performance. The group was called Elmer Snowden and his Black Sox Orchestra and had seven members, including James “Bubber” Miley. They renamed themselves “The Washingtonians”. Snowden left the group in early 1924 and Ellington took over as bandleader. After a fire the club was re-opened as the Club Kentucky (often referred to as the “Kentucky Club”), an engagement which set the stage for the biggest opportunities in Ellington’s life.
What if he never does?
But as I've said before, it would be a nice touch if, as we left AfPak we took out Pakistan's nuclear facilities and perhaps kidnapped their rogue nuclear scientist AQ Kahn and took him to a nice, isolated interrogation room to find out exactly what he sold and to whom.
Still, it smelled wonderful walking home, even once we'd left the softly dripping earthiness that is our tiny forest. And when we stopped outside our house, Emi caught something passing overhead out of the corner of her eye: bats! We figure they're probably nesting in the neighbors tree again. We stood and watched them for a while as they swooped back and forth over our heads, catching bugs, jagged wings outlined against what little light was left in the sky. And I couldn't help but smile, and dance into the house in happiness to tell my mother, whom I knew would be interested.
It’s one thing to not get what we want. But it’s harder when we get the exact opposite of what we want. Even in that case we should thank God and just go on. That’s what gives us inner substance and strength. Even an athlete gets strong through the process of resistance. Yes, if you want to actually gain strength, the more the resistance, the more you can gain. When you lift weights, you are resisting the laws of gravity. The weight is pushing down and you are pushing up and then you become strong while dealing with the resistance. If you say, ‘It’s too heavy, just forget it. I will lie down, eat potato chips and watch television,’ you will never become strong. Similarly, study is all about resistance. The mind wants to think about the girl next to you or something like that, but you have to just resist. ‘I have to just resist and focus on this mathematical equation.’ That’s how you become intelligent, through resistance. So in spiritual life there is much resistance coming from both within and without, and through that we become powerful. We become empowered to the degree we are willing to face that resistance and grow with it.
19And Joshua said to the people, You are not able to be the servants of the Lord, for he is a holy God, a God who will not let his honour be given to another: he will have no mercy on your wrongdoing or your sins.
On the message board, I discovered something amazing:
Anyway, these are just my thoughts for the day. I would love to hear what you think!
How can you tell if a lawyer is telling a lie? His lips are moving....
Lastly, these things showed that, we, as a redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ, we are to bring heaven here on earth, even in the 7 spheres/ mountains of societies and bring the Kingdom of God as an Ambassador of Christ, making earth like heaven.
The peer-reviewed study by Milly et al. titled “Global Pattern of Trends in Streamflow and Water Availability in a Changing Climate”(Nature, 2005) used the IPCC CMIP3simulations to diagnose the relative change in surface runoff for the period 2040-2060 compared to 1900-1970. A version of their published Fig. 4 is shown below. Runoff is a holistic indicator of surface water balance that integrates the effects of changes in mean precipitation and its characteristics, and also changes in temperature via evapotranspiration. These published results indicate no appreciable change in surface water availability over the semi-arid region from North Dakota to Texas, or for the Midwest as a whole, within this ensemble of CMIP3 simulations. The authors point out the various uncertainties in such regional scale projections, not the least of which one must also include the uncertainty in the consequences of changes in land cover and land use.
“What is that?” asked the Tsar.
Rose
Sound of someone running off the get the wand.
I knew that I was going to enjoy Sweet Evil because whenever angels and demons are involved I'm happy. Unfortunately because of some minor issues I didn't completely love Sweet Evil. The concept and story line are completely new and super interesting though on the up side.
“The Student Alliance would like to say thank you to everyone from Roseman University who helped with our tree,” said Ashment. “The donations were appreciated, and the manpower was invaluable; without your assistance we could not have made this project so successful.”
The destruction first came to light in the Brooklyn Heights Blog, where a conflict seems to be building up about whether or not something inside a private building should be landmarked.
7. Caffeine is broken down into 25 by-products that all have detrimental effects on the body
Then I asked her if she can teach me the same savoury treat I had at her place last year and that decided what I will learn...and oh yes, learn it, I did! And what is use of knowledge if not shared?
DM7 D7
First post of 2011 and it's the 16th today. I can't believe it's been so long, but I've been fairly busy with Twitter, Facebook, work, my sofa and of course my parents move.
Use an automatic center punch to mark where you want to drill holes to attach the finding. Drill a hole where you marked the plastic.
On Friday morning we headed for Connemara stopping on the way at the 16th century tower house of Aughnamure in Co Galway. It stands six storeys high and would originally have been surrounded by an inner and an outer wall though most of the inner one is gone now. Apparently this area was the territory of the O'Flaherty clan - one of my aunts was a Flaherty, I wonder whether there's a connection:)
As you can see, Gumdrop’s effect is subtle, but still visibly present. It does tend to settle into lines a bit and it does somewhat accentuate my dry flaky lips. It’s not as moisturizing or “buttery” as I’d hoped, but then again, I guess it’s intended to be a moisturizing lipstick as opposed to a tinted lip balm. Although it’s not moisturizing, it’s definitely not drying as lipsticks can be. Staying power doesn’t compare at all to lipsticks – I’m sure it was all gone by the time I’d eaten. Although I’m not sure if that’s normal for a lip product since I don’t use many. I’m a pretty careful eater when I have lip products on, though – last time, my lipstick stayed mostly (at least half) intact.
However, one of the byproducts your body creates by breaking down aspartame is formaldehyde, which is extremely toxic to your health even in very small dosesvii. Furthermore, in a search of PubMed.gov, the U.S. National Library of Medicine, which has over 11 million medical citations, neotame fails to include any double-blind scientific studies on toxicity in humans or animals. If neotame was indeed completely safe to ingest, you would think the NutraSweet Company would have published at least one double-blind safety study in the public domain?
On a semi- related note, who else remembers Kidz-Bop? They took all the good pop songs of the time, took out all the sexual references and cursing, and made kids sing them. We didn't even care if it sounded like crap, we could sing along with our own squeaky voices without having to thing you sounded bad. Nowadays, kids already sing the songs.
-Wörtwurst
George A. Larkins
Next time we have an ice storm, I might get a ride with someone. Or cancel a few more classes. But all in all I appreciate the experience, I suppose. Can't say I enjoyed it, but I appreciate it.
No one watching the coverage of the revolutions in Tunisia, Egypt and other countries could help but recall images of the first Palestinian intifada — young boys standing in front of armored vehicles, unarmed and defiant. But jumping from emotional connections and imagery of popular uprisings to assuming that a wave of revolution would sweep Palestine displays the application of an outdated analysis to both what will spark a “third intifada” and what it will look like.
God loves you and he needs money.
“Maybe the prize didn’t exist at all. I mean, who the hell would take them up on it? The whole thing was about getting on the telly, and society’s mushrooming obsession with fame. I couldn’t see any of the contestants swapping their cushy jobs for 16 hours a day of back-breaking toil on a wage just enough to keep them alive. Not if there weren’t any cameras about anyway."
Please do comment if you can think of anybody that I’ve missed off the list, or if you would like to be added to it. I’m quite tempted to try and keep this updated as a useful resource for the future…
Jack fruit payasam is ready!!
What results does it produce?
Sport Relief Mile (Running) 25.3.2012
It is that time again, we are on the look out for some talented scrappers to join us here on the Kraft It Up Creative Team...
My least favorite of the flavors, a bit too heavy on the chocolate flavor.
I think the wonder of his love for, of his obsession, overshadowed any guilt. It was almost a warning not to go cracking your skull while I'm eating this or you might just be lying there for a while.
* I’m getting pretty used to being home alone during the day. Tuesday I was wandering around the house after my shower – in just my underwear – when I noticed the FedEx truck driving away. There was a package in my mudroom. The guy had to walk right past my wide-open kitchen windows to get to the mudroom. The kitchen where I was dancing around in my unmentionables, singing along to Love Shack on my Ipod. Poor guy was probably scarred for life. I thought he drove away kinda fast.
You can download the podcast from this site.
for learning to be its own reward, without use of a merit system
Also at the market, we got to taste grass-fed goat. I was astonished by how much I liked it. The nice lady from Van Haren Meat Company was there selling her local product. Realizing that the best way to draw in customers is to give away samples, she had a slow cooker of goat shoulder roast going that had just been salt, pepper and garlicked. So very mild seasoning. Jenn and I were hesitant, at first deciding to split a sample. Jenn took a taste, and I was immediately told to get my own. The flavor really is very similar to beef. It had only a tiny hint of the gaminess that tends to mar non cow animals. I have tried lamb many times and can barely eat it. Goat I would eat knowingly and gladly. I will probably order some in the future, as soon as I work through the ton of meat I got from Dickman’s. I can already think of a bunch of ways to cook it, and its super healthy for you. I was so glad I got the chance to taste it.
Miller Brewing Co. Miller Chill
the loves it loved.
98. Lord of the Flies, The: William Golding
that I was dreading
To initiate the opportunity for fulfillment
Maggie's Story
Just a quick note to say that everyone should check out this video by Oliver Metz , a student at the University of Applied Science Kaiserslautern. I think it’s all kinds of grand.
This has implications for how companies staff their training departments. It is also an important factor as companies continuously recruit for new talent to distribute their products. The adage “you only get one chance to make a good impression” comes to mind here. Companies appointing affiliated agents to do business with them are able to make a favorable impression and get these producers off to a good start with a high quality product and sales training program. Coaching and mentorship programs, while offered much less frequently, can have a significant impact on the long-term success of producers.
"I'm sure they didn't mean any harm but some people will take it offensive."
I mentioned in the last post that we were taking off for Mexico for the holidays, and we did just that. One week in Cancun and thereabouts has given me enough blog fodder and photos to last a couple of months, so I'd best get to it.
As my dear roommate pointed out to me, my car overheated in “Descanso”, which means “rest” in Spanish, and my car made it very clear to me that it wanted to do just that, and I should too. So that’s what I proceeded to do for the next 2 days: rest. I was thankful to have a little extra time to spend with Ryan, and Elaine and her son just happened to be visiting her family Wednesday and Thursday, so I got to see them one last time. Mason just also happened to be wearing a shirt that for our purposes here, we’ll say describes me. :)
Don’t you love the talent of the young? Free in expression and with heightened emotion they can push boundaries with their talent. Do you know anyone who inspires you like that?
'Do you want me to organise a knit-along with my daughter, to keep you company?' came back the reply.
Whew!!! These last couple of months have been absolutely crazy for the Macklicious One! I have to admit that updating this blog hasn't been at the top of my priority list, but I'm trying to get back in the swing of things. So much has happened in our fair city, since we last spoke. Rather than trying to catch you up -- because if I know you as well as I think I do, you already know the deal -- I'll just take you from where we are today.
If it is not, and there is little room of understanding of the path you seem to be called to walk now, then you may have to find a spiritual companion from a more sympathetic tradition, or someone who shares your “minority views” within your own.
Reason number one: we learned from our experience. It’s satisfying for me to know that even though tensions ran high and egos were bruised we were able to move forward. My assumption is that although not everyone may have forgiven or forgotten the episode on Friday they rose above personal resentment and were able to work professionally throughout a similarly stressful workload. Bottom line is that we did not want to repeat Friday’s fiasco.
Especially now that it's time to pass on a musical heritage to my kids.
Willie Tomlin: Check Me Baby
But with any good diet, you need the exercise as the companion. Today I warmed up on the elliptical and roller bladed around my block while walking my dog. It was an easy beginning to my day, and though it may not be much something is always better than nothing. I hope to continue on with this motivation.
“Ah,” said the Queen. “Stupidity, you mean.”
Friday evening, my daughter gathered her dolls and put them in my bed. We’ve made it a tradition for us that she will sleep in my bed when the guys go camping. I have to say, I was extremely happy to have my husband in bed with me Sunday evening. Sleeping with my daughter and all of her dolls is not fun.
“Don’t wanna pin our hopes and dreams upon him”
AND autographed bookplate! with bookmarks for upcoming books
What would you wear?
This recipe is from an ice cream book "Scoop" by Ellen Brown. There are not many pictures in this book, but lots of delicious recipes that I can't wait to try. "Scoop" is all about the best flavour recipes from America's favourite ice cream shops. Lychee Ice Cream was adapted from Mitchell's San Francisco, CA. This is a great book to have if you are an ice cream lover, even if you've already own "Perfect Scoop" by David Lebovitz, as the recipes in "Scoop" are totally different with many delicious combination of flavours.
March 18, 2007 update: I had no idea that Steven Spielberg is a longtime Rockwell collector until I read this article.
Terri pounds the piano like a southern gal raised in church, and we are all much poorer for the fact that they couldn't, or wouldn't, make her a star. Wouldn't that have been nice?
PRAYER – Llewellyn Vaughan-Lee
Perhaps Dewey’s leaders thought that better press could solve the firm’s crisis. But that approach reverses the relationship between public relations and crisis management, which is simple: manage a crisis properly and the resulting story will write itself.
Sharpies
Purity Rock
5. It does not mean you are a failure – The majority of people with mental illnesses manage to maintain happy, fulfilled, productive lives. You may need to take some time out of work to improve your condition to the point where you can return and yes some people never manage this, but you can still lead a full life. Your past achievements do not vanish because you are unwell and you still have the rest of your life ahead of you to achieve whatever you put your mind to. First of all you need to take the time to make sure you are well enough, through treatment or just some time-out. there is still so much potential in you, you can be a success. You may wish to adjust your goals to make them more manageable with your illness but you can do so much, if you want to!
To start off, I boiled my lids and their rubber ring, just like you would with regular lids. The white lid you see in the pot is just like the regular metal canning lid, although it's not metal. The red ring you see is a rubber gasket that provides the seal. It is also re-usable.
Well, that's about all for me tonight!
8. Birthdays and growing older in general.
As a result, Volume 2 of Kimi ni Todoke: From Me to You deserves a place among your collection, romance-comedy fans, and for many reasons too. It certainly won’t change the way we look at this genre but there’s much to say about a series that puts characters and story first and adds plenty of humor to its sweet romantic theme. If the first volume didn’t convince you this is a great series then this one will certainly do the trick.
Last weekend was another therapy session. This time we were in the new office. It was nice to have a change in scenery.
There is more than pizza at Pizza Fusion. They offer salads, sandwiches, and desserts too. For the purpose of my review, I'll stick to what I ate; pizza and dessert. In terms of vegan pizza options, you can do one of two things; go with the "Very Vegan" pizza (mushrooms, roasted garlic, tomato sauce, soy cheese) or do a "Build Your Own". You also get to choose your crust, either traditional white or multigrain. I went with the Very Vegan on multigrain, in the personal size (you can also do large and extra large if you have a few people eating the same thing). Overall, this was a tasty pizza. The crust was thinner than I expected, which is a good thing since I like crispy pizza. The sauce was very good and well seasoned and the soy cheese (they use Follow Your Heart) melted well and tasted good. My main gripe is that they were pretty skimpy on the toppings. I could have definitely used a little more roasted garlic, since I only tasted it in maybe 2 or 3 bites of the whole pizza. Another quibble is the price. My personal pizza was $9. That seemed a bit steep for a pizza this size. Overall though, the pizza was tasty and satisfying. When it comes to dessert, the menu is limited, and the only vegan option (which also happens to be gluten-free) is a brownie. I felt like having dessert, so I ordered one to go. I have to say I was pretty disappointed. The brownie looked and smelled really appetizing, but it just fell short in the flavor and texture departments. The brownie was too cakey and almost fluffy, which was weird. It also had a sort of chalky aftertaste/texture which wasn't too pleasant. Too round it out, it just didn't taste that good.
The pictures of the chaffinch are, I think, my favourites. They came out very clearly, and using manual focus as well although the bird was quite happy to sit and wait for me to find the right focal point so I’m not sure that I’d be quite so successful with moving creatures.
Do You Want New Wave or Do You Want the Truth?
However, the satisfaction one feels as the lines on the paper begin to form the image one wishes to draw seems so much more personal than when drawing digitally. Similar to the difference between turning the pages of a book while curled up in an overstuffed easy chair and scrolling through a digital book.
Billy Bragg, Singer/Songwriter (UK)
PBR and a shot of Beam.
It’s afflicted brilliant minds from Andy Warhol to Albert Einstein, and affects one in 100 people in the UK today.
Whew! What a blast!
Time for pouch number 3
Friday night my daughter-in-law, Chrysty, and her folks, and my daughter and her family came over for a full fledge turkey dinner that my hubby de jour (LOL) had prepared for us. There's nothing quite like thanksgiving dinner in March! Everyone enjoyed the subsequent food coma afterwards. My daughter-in-law gave me some amazing gifts that she and Mark had brought back from their travels in Thailand. Some coconut cookies, FRESH pepper from a pepper farm they had visited, and a beautiful necklace handmade by one of the locals. Thanks Mark and Chrysty for these LOVELY and thoughtful gifts!! Chrysty's folks brought me some really lovely fresh flowers which my cats were eying appreciatively! And my daughter and her family gave me THREE HOURS of house cleaning from Merry Maids - I can't wait to have my spring cleaning done FOR ME !!
Jermaine Dupri will be at Tryst
The media and pr internship would take place at one of two offices-either SpotLightSeattle or Realogics Sotheby’s and will focus on, among other things, writing, strategy, social media and media outreach. There would also likely be some administrative components. The internships would be unpaid and for school credit, and can be flexible in terms of time of year, scheduling and length of internship.
It is common for trade mark attorneys, whose clients have had their trade mark applications rejected, to advise their clients to wait until there has been a material change of circumstances and then to file a fresh application. The question arises as to what happens when the first application is not abandoned until the Board of Appeal level within OHIM and the second refiled application goes to the General Court. How should the General Court approach the second application? Should it ignore what has gone before or is it bound by the earlier OHIM Board of Appeal decision?
I really REALLY like the phrase dinosaur rocker. You'll earn extra eyeball time on a query with phrases like that. It gives me hope.
Of course, we have been in these waters before. Animee seems to be on permanent discount in Morrisons and Carlsberg’s offerings seem to sink faster than the Titanic. However, Coors see this is a much bigger venture and do become the first big brewer to launch a new 2.8% beer under an existing major brand name. Whether this will be of great commercial advantage, we will have to wait and see.
Note that: most of the time he’s NOT an ass; he does it involuntarily, so don’t fall for the sugarcoated words, the puppy eyes or the crocodile tears.
- A talk that is only somewhat related to what you thought it would be based on the title and/or abstract; or
I knew y 'all would understand:)
The footage again seems to differ from the comic book source material, most likely due to the cost that would have been involved to bring the alien races from the comic t0 the screen. It appears to have been produced as a pilot episode for a tv series, and a temp score track using music from movies indicates that it never got past the testing stages. It’s surprising that further attempts haven’t been made to adapt Power Pack to a movie series for kids, especially since Disney’s recent purchase of Marvel Studios, it seems like the kind of project perfect for Disney, and will perhaps happen some time down the line.
Warded from earth, air, water, fire, spirits, thought and sight.
~Original & creative designs
-SWERVE and NUKKIN YA by Phillip Gwynne. SWERVE is one of my all-time favourite YA titles as well.
Good luck making some of the hardest trick shots on a mobile device with Dude Perfect. Hit the download link below and give it a try today. The game is compatible with almost every decently powered device including every tablet I’ve ever owned, so enjoy it and let us know what you think once you give it a try.
She then proceeded to pour her milk over her cereal - splashing some on the counter and floor.
Nate: Her suave and swashbuckling pirate, now in mortal peril.
Today is my nephew's 17th birthday. He's a good kid, probably the "best" kid our family has produced in relation to not doing stupid things, not using drugs or alcohol, etc. But he's depressed. He has been for years, its part of our genes, his father (my bro), his brother, his sister, his cousin (kev) his aunt....we all have it. So when I look at this sweet kid, I understand that its GENETIC for many of us and medication is a must! I just worry about this nephew, he's already been hospitalized once for suicidal ideation. (though to read his FB page he portrays himself as happy go lucky).
One of the points of criticism for the Christian faith in our day and time is the tension between our confessed tolerance for all people and their backgrounds and beliefs, and our commitment to evangelism. While we know and cannot turn our back on the fact that Jesus commanded us to go into all the world and preach the gospel, does our approach and methodology match with the way Jesus Himself went about it?
Tris suffers so much throughout this novel. With having to kill Will, and her mother and father sacrificing themselves for her at the end of Divergent, Tris is wracked with grief and guilt, to the point where she actually struggles to function normally. She becomes terrified of using a gun, throws herself into unnecessary reckless situations, and simply can’t get past what has happened. This puts a lot of pressure on her relationship with Four, who loves her beyond words, yet can’t seem to shake her out of her self-destruct mode. Add to that the fact that he's suffering from his own demons and seems to be hiding things from her too, and you’ve got yourself a hurting couple who need each other more than they can possibly say, yet can’t help spitting fire and venom at one another. It is so unbelievably sad knowing how much they feel for each other and just how much they desperately need each other’s help, and to then see them feel unable to simply reach out for the other’s hand. It’s incredibly sad. Saying that, when no harsh words are spoken, the fire that burns between them rivals that of any other YA couple going. The chemistry between the two of them is so intense, it crackles right off the page. This is what makes them one of the most believable YA couples going; they have the love, the passion, the devotion, but they have their issues too. No relationship is perfect 100% of the time, and the fact that these two have their problems makes it all the more real. Their relationship is so beautiful, it shines.
Organization’s Mission: Plus One Foundation assists children and adults with a neurological injury, disorder, or disease to achieve goals, expand opportunities and ‘feed the soul’ through activities that offer education, rehabilitation and training.
Woo Hooo .. let me start by Giving Big Ed ( My Hubby) A huge Thank you and a few hugs and Kisses ..This workshop was a fantastic Christmas Gift , yes I had to wait till summer to use it but it was well worth the wait !
Karl: what would you do about it?
So whaddaya say, guys? It's a pound. That's about 2 bucks US dollars, give or take a couple of (US) pennies. You can spare that much. Go here and make your donation. Tell them it's in honour of Terry Pratchett."
Our new found friend Sascha and Alan from the guesthouse went down for a tour of both sides of the front line. They came back somewhat red in the eye and with some great photos and videos, which I will add when I can get hold of them…
Bake for 17 minutes or until golden brown
The sun was easing itself along its westerly course high above them as pillows of cumulus clouds made their lazy way southward. The fireflies had returned, dancing in and out of the sunbeams reflecting off the broken glass at their feet and all around the battered Camero. Marley found himself thinking about orcs and fairies again. He wished he was playing a game of D&D right now. The friends he normally played with had moved away last month and Roland was a little too dim to understand its intricacies and far too lazy to read the manuals.
Pin well (I like to pin a few cm's in from the edge of the fabric so I can leave my needles in. Some people like to pin either side of the seams and sew over the pins. It's up to you and what you're comfortable with.
To find this information from your GA dashboard, on the right side click on Visitors, then scroll down to Visitor Trending, then Visits. Once you are at the Visits screen in the top right hand side of the screen there (just under the date) is "Graph by" and four little icons.
I just want to say that I will try to write more on this side of the web too.
Barbara asked each participant to bring three "precious objects" and there was a fascinating array of things on show - a pair of socks, a radio, photographs, various small figures, books and notebooks etc. These were used in a series of exercises aimed at creating a fictional character in which poets and prose writers were catered for.
Commenting at the Green Arrow blog on an earlier post of mine which focused on the recent protests against the employment of foreign workers, a very aptly named blogger calling himself “Not my Granddad's Labour party” wrote:
The Curse of Frankenstein began Hammer Films’ revival of gothic horror films in 1957 because of its popularity with moviegoers. Critics, on the other hand, hated the film because of its excessive violence and deviation from the 1931 Universal original. I have already addressed my thoughts on the differing perspectives of the two series above. If you area Frankenstein purist, you may not like the Hammer Films version. It is definitely more for those who like true horror films rather than an existential look at the human tendency to fear that which is different. I am very much into the latter myself, but cannot dismiss the entertaining virtues of what The Curse of Frankenstein set into motion.
Oh yes. Life is: Sweet, not always. (Written on a bus in Italy. I thought it was cool and wrote it in my little huge book of words that are put together in kick ass ways I like). So I know it will not always be lighthearted fun, but life happens. (I’d say ‘shit’ happens, but it takes an asshole to make shit happen, and neither of us qualify.) And it will be interesting no matter what.
Jekel Loves Hyde by Beth Fantaskey
If the jails are too crowded to house a celebrity that has to be segregated for their own safety, then ship their mamby-pamby lily white asses off to another jail that does have the room AND make those celebrities pay for their ‘special’ incarceration requirements.
orderly i am embarrassed by their
STARRING: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Josh Brolin, Emma Thompson, Jermaine Clement, Alice Eve, Nicole Scherzinger, Michael Stuhlbarg
‘Oh,’ the bishop seemed deflated as he wandered off.
The opposition party has also alleged that Shahrizat’s family used nearly RM600,000 from NFCorp’s funds to settle their credit card bills in 2009.
Hope you liked this thali. Tomorrow I have a thali that is very special to me. Do come back tomorrow for the reason and a very tempting thali...
The Whites of South Africa today may have the guts and they maybe willing to go to war, but they have it all wrong. They think they would be going up against a conventional enemy in a fair fight where the rules would apply as expected in conventional warfare. Unfortunately this is not the case and they would be killed like flies, unless they learn to understand and adapt accordingly to meet the requirements for this challenge.
With Little Steven and his Underground Garage showing up to stoke the garage fire plus the pioneering 60 psychedelic rocker, Roky Ericson, and the garage godfathers, The Sonics, playing, the theme really chose me. Unlike all the other bands who want to sound like they're from the 60's, the Sonics are the the real deal from the 60's. In 1965, their sound may have been ahead of it's time and that's maybe why you've never heard of them. Give them their due on Friday at 8PM at Emo's Main Room.
Revelation 11:17
Second, I urge you to read it. Read it with your kids, if need be. Explain to them(since you find it so reprehensible) why you believe what you do, and use it as a learning tool. If you can read it, with all historical context in tact, and still support the opinion that it’s harsh, and in bad taste, then do so. Let me know how that goes. Also, if you read it, and you believe it’s so reprehensible that you don’t want your kids, or the next generation reading the “uncut” version that you read — I ask this. What happened to you? Did you have an experience so awful that you couldn’t bare to face the next day? Probably not — and I’d even be willing to go out on a limb and say that, if you really were concerned about your children’s well being, and not just being over protective, or just plain idiotic — wouldn’t you want your kids to learn the same lessons that you did? To better them as people, and allow them to grow, and not be confined to stricter constraints than you yourself even faced?
Whatever happened in the George Zimmerman-Trayvon Martin case, one thing is perfectly clear: it’s high time this country quit the racial dog-and-pony show, and judged each criminal case on its individual merits instead of allowing the race-baiting demagogues to leverage each incident for political advantage in the streets and in the media.
Lovely cards ladies! Please grab your Top Three blog badge from the side of our blog and display it with pride on your blog. If you would like to be a guest design team member for a future challenge here at SAS4Kids, send me an email to pick a date.
1/4 C dry onions
It doesn’t take much to ignore what goes on in this world when we feel secure in our expensive homes in gated communities, and suburban wealthy neighborhoods. If we don’t see it then it doesn’t matter to us… If a child is hit by a car and a private ambulance comes to get the person who was driving and leaves the child to die, then releases the person later with no injuries, shows that money as it exists now is more than life! Firefighters watch many homes burn because of the lack of insurance, or maybe the water is so expensive they cant waste it on an uninsured home… are we serious?
I came right home, wrapped & stared at them
The piece de resistance was of course, the wine menu shown here.
6:00 - Up for the first time, if I'm lucky. Lately Sir has been waking himself up with coughing fits, and then crying for a bottle. Makes sense, what do I want after a coughing fit? Some liquids to ease my sore throat! Today was 5:15AM. I retire to the couch while I feed the bean. If it's after 4 we catch more z's on the couch. Before 4 I try to return him to his crib and crawl back into my own bed.
Fostering part of my life has kept me busy (specially my mind) with trips to the in school and out of school counselors ("ones with brains" and "an education") full of advice with the things they don't deal with or see on a daily basis, leave it there before my head starts to hurt.
Then a few years ago papercrafters really got excited about Copic products. So I have slowly become a papercrafter as well, and now for my freelance artwork I illustrate stamps for Our Craft Lounge (you can read that story here).
Now what they need to do is give out the sheet music to classic hiphop samples...
Before leaving the house I was trying to recall the name of the pub in Higham. According to the Internet it was the Greyhound - I knew it wasn't, because there are two, and it aint that one! The Internet, where everything is true, then told me it was called the Three Horseshoes. So this is all I had, along with a half remembered mental picture of the pub being near the cross. The Red Arrow follows the main road which passes the Greyhound, but then bypasses the old village centre. My only gripe about the Red Arrow is that its coaches don't seem to have a bell - anyone getting off thus far had just got up and announced their desire to disembark. I did this at seeing the Greyhound, and then waited 5 minutes for the bus to set off a goodly distance round the corner away from Higham village.
My dad loved and was very touched with the flannel strip quilt I made a few weeks ago! Is is a bit of a techi and enjoys a good challenge, so we gave him a Kindle Touch. Both gifts, as well as having all of us with him together, made his Christmas!
-Zippered laundry bags designed for washing delicates work well as reusable produce bags. They are washable & only cost about 50 cents
Fandom: Avengers (2012), Thor (2011)
population so they do not
Wal-mart was LONG, but I managed to get near everything on the lists. They were out of pencil sharpeners, but had everything else. Woohoo!!! School shopping is done for the year. Again - LMBO! The kids were REALLY excited about their new supplies. Funny how they get so much joy over such seemingly small things.
I don't know how the divide-to-conquer process can be turned against our political class. Coalition majorities are unstable, owing to the voting power of marginal blocs in a bare-majority coalition, but the political riposte is to form a new coalition by enlisting new blocs to replace the querulous ones, or better yet, to use the prospect of being outside a potential new majority to quell any embryonic uprising. Note how hoary this tactic is: Federalist Alexander Hamilton used it to persuade New York to join in ratifying the Constitution.
Almost every booth at the show had a (free!) make and take for us to do. We came home with eight of them total, and we didn't even do them all! Above I'm making a Halloween themed tag to go on a goodie bag filled with candy and be handed out to trick or treaters.
Pre Sale High Total Estimate: $3350000
It was so much fun to see the huge success this had :)
The central SKA computer will, among other mind-blowing capabilities, have the processing power of about 1 billion PC’s. More interesting facts and figures can be viewed here.
9. DON’T apologize for telling me about your book. Or asking me questions. That’s why I am there.
Having some ‘free’ time, we drove to our old hunting grounds, under the tall lighthouse, where the East-pier used to be, it has been demolished, apparently to make the harbour-entrance bigger. It used to be so special! The two piers like two embracing arms, either welcoming you when you came home or loath to let you go when you were leaving…
are being assailed furiously as enemies of women. The facts of the
night, with the lights taken away
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove from heat; when temperature comes back down to 60°C, incorporate butter and mix for 5 minutes.
Now raid your bbq stash for a wooden skewer. Cut two teradactyls (flip one!) and sandwich together while remember to glue the skewer inbetween the sandwich. The girl was cut at 4". I used the peachy keen face stamp PK490. And added a purse from page 38 accessory #3.
What better way to amuse himself than to get back on Facebook?
Because crews could not remove all the hundreds of fallen trees immediately, many roads are literally impassible, forcing residents to drive their Range Rovers and Lexuses hundreds and sometimes thousands of feet out of their way around winding detours.
Whatever followed him home was gone now. Or hiding. He bent down and picked up his shoes as he heard a grunt of effort from Mary. He didn't want to worry her. He sneezed again, and decided to trust the steel walls to protect them while he was in the bath.
It's a slow fade, it's a slow fade
thing. Today, we’re tackling the letter to Smyrna. (weird name, right?)
I love the ladies I work with, so it wasn’t a bad thing to be doing.
It's embarrassing to sit with a bunch of girls and hear them talk about either their good boyfriends or the losers that they left. I can't bring myself to mention Jermaine and how he is incarcerated for the millionth time. I mean, some of my friends know, but I don't tell them with pride, that is for sure.
And in keeping with the theme of spectacular field event performances at the Euro Indoor Champs, Russian high jumper Ivan Ukhov soared 7’ 9.75 – the third time this season that he has cleared that mark. He too has been very consistent and dominant this indoor season and looks ready to jump in the 7’ 10” / 7’ 11” range this outdoor season.
We have moments where she looks me deeply in the eyes, or holds my face for a moment (stillness is so very fleeting in this one), and says momma, and I can barely breathe from it. I feel nearly crushed with the bigness of this, the BIG NESS of this.
I ended up reading a book called Dear Whiskers by Ann Whitehead Nadga. I wish I'd found something else. It was cute on initial, at-my-desk, read. Reading it aloud, all I could hear was classroom dynamics, mean girl/teacher's pet nonsense, and the whining of the main character to be let out of a task when the results aren't instantaneously gratifying. I've edited out a lot of the mean girl stuff on the fly and my kids don't seem to notice. So why did it need to be included?
‘No worries’, my colleague and I said to each other, as we comforted ourselves in the knowledge that we had at least three hours before our departure, ‘it will be all over by then’.
* There are two rows of snaps
* "Lost in IP Translator -- a trilogy of treatises: I", here. In the first of three most thoughtful posts, veteran IP practitioner and katfriend Richard Ashmead explains how the expected Court of Justice ruling in IP TRANSLATOR might have an impact on marks that have already been registered within the territory of the European Union.
Make a green-haired funny-face and watch his hair grow!
(Boil milk & sugar over low heat untill dissolved. Beat in the eggs, vanilla and ginger juice once the milk has cooled.)
Would love to hear your thoughts. I expect some awesome hate mail to get me ready for Bachelorette season. Stay tuned for all that and of course, my arrogant season preview sometime in early August. It’s all written in my head already.
Fine art purists might dismiss Bennett's covers as being merely illustrative, but that's to ignore their formal qualities as pictures. The covers of The Man with the Getaway Face, The Jugger and The Handle stand as works of art, ones which could happily adorn any wall. And even if one were to take them simply as illustrations, they still show a keen mind at work in the choices Bennett makes; that Jugger cover neatly summarises the small town setting of the novel, the urban paraphernalia offset by the good-ol'-boy sheriff. Where many covers, particularly in the crime fiction field, opt for quite literal interpretations of the particular material – a gumshoe, a moll – Bennett, though still figurative in approach, is quite happy to mix near-abstract elements with scenes lifted from the page.
Kagi no Kakatta Heya (01) 18.3%, (02) 16.5%, (03) 14.4%, (04) 15.5%
Roy started his career with the Western League St. Paul Saints in 1899 and moved with the team to Chicago before the 1900 season. Technically, the Sox were still a minor league team in 1900. The American League would become a major league before the next season and the White Stockings would be one of the original franchises.
Well, when I say a soft spot, I mean a soft spot for I Won't Let The Show Go On, One Man Band and this one - When I Need You. It's easy to knock Leo for the hair and the jumpers and the name but you can't argue with a catchy tune.
3:30 a quick trip to the post office to mail some orders... the temp in my car says 110 degrees... is summer over yet?
Meanwhile, back on the Continent, their Celtic brethren were confronted with an ever strengthening Christian society. The belief systems clashed. The Christians had the power of Monarchy and the Church, both all powerful in their abilities to pursue their agenda and to decimate any belief systems contrary to their teachings, along with the people who practice the contrary beliefs.
"You know me?" asked the Sadness mistrusting.
With low wooden stools at the bar, there’s leather sofas with faded Union Jacks printed on overlooking the high street and nestled between big indoor potted plants. A simple singular tall table is at the other end of the bar next to the almost floor to ceiling windows, followed by a row of stools at a wall mounted side. Well known lounge music set the mood to chilled setting, with candles flickering against maroon coloured walls. Surprisingly, the colour scheme goes well with the tiled floors and red brick bar, as does the back bar itself.
To paraphrase a popular axiom, our nest is where our heart is. For Obama, since 2005, his nest is 5046 South Greenwood Avenue, Chicago, IL.
Part of the history of Kelowna includes the legend of a lake 'monster' known as 'Ogopogo' or 'N'ha-a-itk' (pronounced Naitaka), by the Salish First Nations tribe. Naitaka means 'lake demon'. The name, Ogopogo, was evidently a parody of a British ditty and goes like this: "His mother was an earwig: His father was a whale: A little bit of head And hardly any tail-And Ogopogo was his name." For further info on Ogopogo or Naitaka, you can click on this link, The Legend of Ogopogo
“The DVLA is recognised as a centre of excellence for the issue of high security national documents like the Driving Licence and Biometric Residence Permit,” commented Simon Tse, Chief Executive Officer of DVLA. “The new contract we have signed today delivers millions of pounds of saving for the UK taxpayer and allows DVLA to issue even more secure driving licences, and provide the next generation of high security smart cards for other parts of UK government. We look forward to working with Gemalto to ensure the UK’s cards remain among the most secure in the world.”
Music CD's
This also reminds us how fragile is the economy of our second city. We already know that Swansea is over-dependent on public sector jobs, from local government to the DVLA, but there seems to be a blind spot about the third sector, which is also over-represented in the city. The third sector is composed of the kind of organisations I've mentioned in the two preceding paragraphs, reliant for their survival on grants and donations. As might be expected in the current economic climate, both sources of income are declining, made clear in the most recent set of accounts available on the Shelter Cymru website. But these are for 2009 / 2010, so we can assume that the position is even more desperate today. Which probably explains what's happening in Swansea, and at BBC Wales.
To an unyielding “yes” when asked if I plead
To all the multitasking moms, daughters, aunts, sisters, and nieces, we're dedicating the month of May to you. Mother's Day is just around the corner, and National Women's Health Week is May 13–19.
So go on, share yours… Does anyone have a routine to rival mine or am I quite simply in a league of my own? What’s your ‘can’t live without’ beauty product?
Unfortunately, most of these pitches are lame and the products and services lamer. For example:
Once the adhesive was set (we let it set almost 48 hours...partially because of the trouble the devil outlet gave us, partly due to time) and then we grouted. I really liked the idea of a light gray grout because I like how the last picture above looks with darker spaces between the tiles...but we figured since (a)we're not pros (b) this is our first ever tiling job that white grout would be safer to blend in with the tiles. Had we gotten it done professionally and all the cuts were perfect I definitely would have gone gray on grout.
The prayers ruling was condemned by bishops and Cabinet Ministers. Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles dismissed it as 'illiberal' and personally signed an order giving councils the power to ignore the ban.
In addition, I have register myself and Princess for the ParenThots craft session which will be held on Saturday, May 26, 2012. For details: Click on to HERE
Aidan had to have an EEG, but the results came back normal. I remember having to hold him down for over an hour as they carefully marked his head with a red marker. They had to measure out the spots for the electrodes exactly so that his readings would be accurate.
My food memories from the fair are free biscuits and elephant ears. As you can imagine, the choices were endless - Burgers, pizza, hotdogs, corndogs (even chocolate dipped...ew?), nachos, gyros, sushi (?), roasted corn, Saratoga chips (apparently fresh cut potato chips loaded with chili and cheese), fried candy bars, funnel cakes, fish, chicken strips, cotton candy, etc. There was even a donut burger - Krispie Kreme donuts as the bun with a big ole burger in between - WOW!
blender pen
I'm sat looking at them now thinking 'how the hell am I going to peel set chocolate off these flimsy leaves???' - but if it's good enough for Martha Stewart, it's good enough for me.
I had already cleaned the lentils the day before, so I made those (with a little garlic, slab bacon, carrot and onion) and they looked great. The pig feet meat was all warmed up and ready to go, so it was just a matter of plating the dish.
I'm not sure why Big Finish opted to use McCoy and Aldred for this audio. It does not feel very much like a Seventh Doctor story. The difficulty with these 7/Ace audios is doing anything very interesting with them. The New Adventures cornered the market when it came to developing Ace and the Seventh Doctor, leaving Big Finish without anywhere much to go. McCoy is strong on this audio, but Aldred, who was never the most talented actress, is rather lacklustre, especially playing a duplicate. One oddity is that Ace succeeds in making the Daleks think she is the duplicate. The First Doctor failed to do that in The Chase.
This proposal is so contrary to the current paradigm, that die-hard materialists easily ridicule and dismiss it. But we should not forget the bishops of Galileo’s time who refused to look through his telescope because they knew his discovery was impossible.
Whilst this may suit some - and all power to the guys running it - I think I'm developing my simple idea of what makes a good pub. It's so simple, yet seemingly hard to find:
Well, it was more for pleasure really. We didn't really have a concept, it was just a thing that happened. But it could have been quite good, some of the tunes we did as Blue Meanies ended up on my first solo album and everybody said they were great, so we must have had something. If anybody had had the foresight to allow us to develop for a year or so, it might have been quite good.
Curves Class Cards
While you bury your head in the sand and go through life thinking "everything will be alright in the end" and there isn't any threat to this country, others like the EDL, will fight for our way of life....even yours!
Eyes: Kawaii Floral Eyes- Green-Splash (Kawaii Fair)
I know what some of you are thinking: “Oh, poor, simple-minded Elizabeth. She’s falling into the old trap of anthropomorphism.”
Then I used my Simply Scored and the new Simply Scored Diagonal Plate to score some lattice on the bottom of the card and wrapped some Marina Mist Taffeta Ribbon above the scoring.
The bizarre current day argument that singers who don’t also write songs are somehow lesser than other singers is very strange. We don’t expect opera singers to write the operas and we don’t expect actors to write the screenplays. Most singers do not write songs or at least, not the majority of the songs they perform.
Last weekend we purchased a Troy Built tiller for our new gardening venture here at the Savvy homestead. Yep, I guess it is my Mother's Day gift and his Father's Day gift. We used it to add another bed in our ever growing first garden. Well, we just realized we probably wasted that money because who needs a gas powered tiller when you have one of these. This is a Bailey Built!
2 shallots, thinly sliced
OS X Mountain Lion is scheduled for release sometime this summer, according to Apple. Mac refreshes have been rumored to come with it, but there’s no official word on that just yet. In fact, some have claimed that Apple will release a new MacBook Air later this month.
a mobile police station in the
Sliced bread
Reno King Lawrence.”
When I was in San Francisco this past weekend, I was able to visit the Wildflower Linen showroom in Potrero Hill. Thanks so much, Lily, for taking time out of your busy weekend (AND day off) to show me your beautiful linens. I really appreciate it. Needless to say, I was in love with all the colors and fabrics! :)
The grand age of 11
I cannot deny or confirm that what happened next may or may not have involved quickly ducking into a VIP party to meet him. Needless to say, I left having made the introduction and sent him a query within a couple of weeks…on my 40th birthday, figuring that turning the big 4-OMG had to have a silver lining. This is a prime example of why you should ALWAYS make a wish on your birthday, by the way!
"Hell, I loved life GF, loved it man. Loved the show...and that's all that it is my friend, a show. Love and life are strange my friend, you've said it yourself".
Alright, I don’t want to start a cultural/religious war here. But I have to say that it is absolutely ridiculous the rhetoric that is coming from the religious (specifically Catholic) right about the Obama administrations so-called “war on religion”, by requiring healthcare plans associated with religious healthcare organization to provide birth control for women. I won’t even go into the argument of how ridiculous it is for Catholics to denounce birth control, while they still have an international uproar raging over a generation of priests molesting boys, and the upper echelon of the church attempting to cover it up (without punishing the priests).
In the first book, THE HENRY GAME, Abbie, Lauren and their friend Marina use a home-made Ouija board to conjure up spirits and are haunted by the ghost of Henry VIII. Henry lusts (though not explicitly, so adult guardians need have no fears) after all the girls, but especially the lovely Marina, who falls under his spell and ends up in real danger. Meanwhile, Abbie is drawn to Marina's flashy, charming cousin, Nikos. Henry is a superb creation who not only demands the girls' attention to his royal commands but will not allow any other admirers ("Master Nicolas is a foul churl," he remarks, via the Ouija board).
*Crumble sausage into a large skillet; add onion. Cook over medium heat until meat is no longer pink; drain well. Add 2 cups tomatoes and picante sauce. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated.
“You have to carefully assess costs and benefits,” Lieber said.
Neil Young Like a hurricane US
“Anyone who does not render service and neglects his duty unto the Primeval Lord, who is the source of all living entities, will certainly fall down from his constitutional position.”
“John.” The Doctor spoke more firmly trying to gain the mans attention. John finally looked up. Flat seemingly unseeing eyes stared up at him set against an ashen pallor. Dr. Logan suppressed a shiver. John’s eye discoloration unnerved and fascinated the staff. Unnerved because they resembled the eyes of morgue patients. Fascinated because John had perfect 20/20 vision. The orderlies liked to call John dead eyes until Dr Logan over heard a staff member refer to him by the demeaning name and put a stop to it. Dr Logan hated when staff made fun of patients and their maladies and even chastised other Doctors for their insensitive remarks so much, that he was given several less then flattering names as well. All behind his back of course.
"Dear Heav'ly Father, thanks food, bless daddy, thanks watermelon, thanks poppa. Amen."
- Not from concentrate lemon juice
The most powerful chambering in semiautomatic pistols people actually CARRY, is probably 10mm (I often carry one myself); which fires up to a 180gr .40 caliber bullet, at up to 1350fps, for around 730ftlbs of energy; somewhere in between the .357 magnum and the .44 magnum revolver rounds (about the same as the much less common .41 magnum).
Sylvia’s Enchilada Kitchen
And foolish acts are very tough to overcome, especially if you’ve been doing your “admirable” things for so long. I know I’ve written about using friends and family as backboards with your problems; bounce things off of them for proper/healthy direction. It’s the same with this instance.
First order of business…I signed the lease on a town home last Thursday! We move in the first weekend in June (hopefully). They are replacing the carpets in the town home and I want to wait until that is done before I start moving all of my things over there. Until then, I have been cleaning up my dorm and packing up my car to move home for the next month or so until I can make the town home officially mine. We’ll have six girls living together, two to a room. I am so excited to get moved over there…I just want to do it all right now.
Lots and lots of guest blogging on both sides of the Atlantic. My publisher is well connected in the social media world for which I am grateful. They have done web-advertising and novel giveaways. Crime Writers of Canada have numerous promotional opportunities and I'm taking advantage of all of them.
Professor: So, who created them ?
They pass the word along,
These are the same stupid students who created the anti-EDL campaign "Not In Our Name". It consisted of lies against EDL. And even though the EDL JDiv (and other Jews) spent time challenging and correcting these lies, the Union of Jewish Students (UJS) just kept on deleting the truth.
3. Like A G6, Far East Movement
This blueprint I talk about has five major areas of life; the spiritual, relational, physical, financial, and purpose (career). Each represent a part of every person, young and old. So, I’ve started asking myself certain questions. Why am I here? How can I be the best me? What is God’s will for my life? How do I fulfill my purpose? I’ve started to realize that life is not about achieving my personal best. Life is about fulfilling the unique purpose I was created for. I can now see that much of what I’ve gone through in life has set me up for this very moment. My gifts and passion for health and wellness wouldn’t exist if I hadn’t been forced to take an interest in mine, and the health of those around me. I’ve also become aware of the fact that my spirit is what inhabits my physical body and gives it life; it’s the essence of who I am! Without it, my personality, thoughts, or emotions wouldn’t exist. I would simply NOT be me, and that’s so key to realizing just how important EVERY SINGLE human being is on this planet. We are all here for a reason, and our purpose as a whole is interdependance – it’s why we’re so different from each other!!!
Homer Simpson was right. The troops are happier when they get extra tartar sauce. But do the great states of New England take tartar sauce for granted? Has ketchup and malt vinegar reigned supreme in other places? Alas, our countrymen miss so much! Tartar sauce goes great with fried clams on a Saturday night. I love idling by the condiment station in a restaurant, filling up little paper cups with enough tartar sauce to feed a battalion. (There’s something wrong about using those packets of tartar sauce; we shan’t be fooled by factory-processed imitations!)
A two-alarm fire in the #1 city. HINT: it's in New Jersey.
And we're all fucking nerds so that's a mistake.
all 99 counties in Iowa and met people in person
I'm nearly back home but will be straight out again for a pre-planned Saturday evening domestic wine and curry evening. A full write-up will appear here tomorrow.
b.George W. Bush, Jr
Marimekko prints and designs for Crate & Barrel certainly fit the bill and scream spring with its bold colors and fun prints while maintaining other designs in neutral colors that work year round. The Finnish originated designs have their own section within Crate & Barrel and have had a long standing relationship with them for over 60 years (who knew Finnish design was so well established abroad!) These pieces would make such fabulous gifts though I am thinking of gifting myself with the Etta bag below (ahh the perils of window shopping for the blog!)
Neptune Collonges’ and Sunnyhillboy’s battle at the end will go down as one of the best in history, but the result now seems irrelevant.
The author noted that this made around 450g of lotus paste and I needed 3kg. This meant I needed around 1332 g of lotus seeds. I modified the recipe proportions using fresh cream instead of condensed milk:
SPN has faced accusations before that it is little more than a coin-operated front for corporations. For instance, SPN and its affiliates receive money from polluters, including infamous petrochemical giant Koch Industries, allegedly in exchange for aggressive promotion of climate denial theories. But SPN’s conference had less to do with policy than with tactics. Kyle Olson, a Republican operative infamous in Michigan and other states for his confrontational attacks on unionized teachers, gave a presentation on labor reform in K-12 education. Stanford Swim, heir to a Utah-based investment fortune and head of a traditional-values foundation, ran a workshop at the conference on creating viral videos to advance the cause. He said policy papers wouldn’t work. Tell your scholars, “Sorry, this isn’t a white paper,” Swim advised. “You gotta go there,” he continued, “and it’s because that’s where the audience is.” “If it’s vulgar, so what?” he added.
Promises to Keep is well-written and kept my interest all the way through by making me wonder if the father really had changed—it gives great insight into human nature. This is the first book I’ve read by this author, but look forward to reading more of her books. There are discussion questions in the back of the book which make this a good Christian fiction book club read.
He already gave His life for us, but as if that were not enough, He continues to give and give and give from His infinite and bountiful grace, and we just eat it all up like leeches, never giving anything in return. Some of us even boast about His prolific blessings, calling the “good fortune,” or even attributing them to our own talents. He sees this, and because all He wants is what’s best for us, He knows that He can’t just spoil us, or we’ll be worse than we ever were.
and met her gaze with a smile. She went back to her customer, asking the
Ah dear. I shall practise being more reserved. But I’ll be buggered if that tutor gets to say, “Because I said so” again without a little ruff and tumble first. I’m working too hard to simply shrug my shoulders.
It has also been confirmed that Dario Argento has begun pre-production on his newest film, the conclusion of his Three Mothers Trilogy, under the working title Mother Of Tears. The film will be set in Rome and will center around Mater Lachrymarum. Dario himself and Jace Anderson share writing credits for this movie. A joint effort between the Itallian Studio, Medusa, and the American Studio, Myriad Pictures (which made Jeepers Creepers) will finance the production of the film giving it a large budget, at least compared to his earlier work, and Max Von Sydow has signed on to play an as yet unknown role.
I used the new release, Big Boys Toys Series – Bi-plane Silhouette (9111-I) and Dreams Take Flight (9117-F). The image and sentiment were stamped on the oval mat. It was sponged with ink and layered on the scalloped oval mat. I used My Mind’s Eye designer paper to design the card. To finish off, I embellished with the ribbon and buttons with vintage twine.
hot sauce
The Pretoria Magistrate's Court acquitted him on a count of fraud.
But alas, all good things must come to an end. We're back in the mean ol' boogie-down Bronx tonight, and boy the differences could not be any more extreme! See, we left behind daily temps in the upper 70s and low 80s, with vistas such as these:
I like to flaunt my scores to people who can't get them.
Personally, I went to public schools all my life, but I would not recommend that anyone send their kids to public schools today.
The chipboard is a Dusty Attic piece, Vine Flourish, DA0485, its one of my favorite DA pieces. For a fun and different look paint your chippy and then stamp on it. I painted this vintage white and then stamped using a script stamp and pattern stamp with archival ink coffee. I love this effect. The letters are Jillibean Soup corrugated that I slopped some white paint on and then inked with Distress walnut stain.
Relationships didn’t last…
Exner claimed that she lied to the Church Committee and in her autobiography because she was afraid for her life. Both Giancana and Johnny Roselli had been killed, their murderers never found. Now that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer and it was terminal, Exner felt she needed to come clean. She repeated her story in a 1997 article written by Liz Smith for Vanity Fair, and also to Seymour Hersh for his book The Dark Side of Camelot. She also claimed that she had become pregnant by JFK and had an abortion in early 1963.
welcomed me
I skipped yesterdays workout... Day 3... because I was tired! I ended up sleeping until 10 (obvi I woke up to get Mikayla on the bus) and it just made me more exhausted, so I decided to "workout later that night". Of course that never happened. Who wants to work out at night? Not me.
Pattaya is a city made for fun on the northeastern coast of the Gulf of Thailand. It is situated in Chonburi Province around 150 kilometres south of Bangkok. In the Sixties, Pattaya was hardly known, but the American soldiers fighting in Vietnam began using it for R&R and it started to grow. Pattaya is most well-known for its entertainment and its nightlife, but in fact it has a lot more than that to offer.
Pre-feminist sexism aside (again, it was a different time, they came from a different culture,) the song gets enough of a pass on its other merits to get a ten.
The crux of this picture is that Tamil migrants contribute significantly to the Sri Lankan economy. Why then spend monies in order to stem illegal outflows? There must be some unspecified quid pro quo with the Australian government. But from a staunch Sri Lankan perspective does this possible gain balance the benefits? I proclaim “No” – and will do so till the specific benefits are spelt out.
Wrap your passion around me, inside me
I started with the Shiner Black (Schwarzbier, 4.9% ABV) as I knew I like that one fairly well. Not bad, not bad.
Browning's Brewery Louis XVI Guillotine ESB Ale
The best monster would be a Shadow Warg. It just sounds so cool, and it's really powerful. It brings a cool image to my mind. It reminds me of a character in a graphic novel I read - mysterious and dark.
That I can bring
As soon as we got out onto the man road the wind hit us. At least it would be on our backs on the way home! We had the luxury of running on a path the full length of the road into Kendal – nothing like what we’re used to back home! Almost immediately hubbie started to complain of a muscular pain across the bottom of his stomach which later seemed to travel down his legs as he rain. He said it was quite sore and had to stop a few times. I was concerned because it sounded like a hernia type pain, but know him well enough not to show my anxiety. I was happy to stop when he needed to rather than make him run through what sounded like bad pain. As it was we weren’t running that slowly, although stopping to cross roads was a bit of a pain in itself. We ran into the town and did the shortest loop I could find for him before heading back up towards the campsite.
Biz: Have you ever met a girl that you tried to date, but a year to make love she wanted you to wait?
After my massage, my non-swedish masseuse met me in the hallway where she handed me a printout of a body with all of my ”tension points” identified on it:
A British man who did not tell anyone he was going on vacation to Australia came home to find they were mourning his death.
Something that has been playing on my mind recently is actually my little SS. She’s just turned 6 months and already I have become lazy with her solid foods The prepacked foods out there are so good now. I’ve been buying these gourmet mixes that have rosehip, quinoa, chi, blueberries etc and everything is organic. I actually felt that I was doing her a favour by buying these. But the guilt of doing this has been playing on my mind. Poor SS gets these and Miss F not only gets home cooked meals (sometimes several for each course) and she has a BLOG that is based about her meals. Poor SS is already suffering the second child syndrome and she’s just turned 6 months. So I’m going to make a big batch of food tomorrow for little SS. I’m going to be heading over to ecomilf, as I love her meal suggestions. I'm sure i will continue to use packaged food when we are out and about as they are perfect for travelling with and they are just so damn good these days. Did you make your own baby food? Do you have any great recipes that little SS can try?
Restrictions:
Where the banner at daybreak is flapping.
Today, I have all my windows open...feels great after a long, stuffy winter.
It will all be joining this Jamie Reid poster:
Something seems to have happened...
They also received a cute skull sucker to fit in with the pirate theme. The boys dived into their suckers without wasting any time, while Tinsley decided she only wanted to look at hers and save it. I have a feeling if the boys find her hiding place, it will vanish.
Jesus uses this illustration because in that day and this one someone comes into our house and threaten our family or tries to rob us and we knew they were coming I would set up night watch and shoot them before they made it in the house. In that day also robbers where everywhere and it was a literal illustration we would stay up in shifts to make sure that it didn’t happen.
Of all the horror franchises out there, Final Destination might be the most consistent. For one thing, every film is exactly the same. But most importantly, it's guaranteed to entertain (if, that is, you're the sort of person who finds other peoples' misfortune hilarious. Me, I piss myself with LOLs every time those injury claims adverts come on TV). It's like a Faces of Death version of You've Been Framed.
My god, I feel so exposed ! For those of you who don’t know me personally, I’d love to hear which of the 7 attributes you think are true. For those of you who know me in the “real” world, don’t be tools and spoil it for everyone else.
they’re just a few, but I know who they are, and I am grateful to them.
they speak explicitly to those outside the fellowship–those with whom we want to share the gospel. They are not theologically useful.
The Prius c (called the Aqua in Japan) has certainly proven popular, selling 1201 units in its first three days on sale, a figure that (as Toyota likes to rub in) bests both Chevy Volt and Nissan LEAF sales for the entire month of February, 2012. In fact, it’s selling so well in Japan that allocations for the U.S. market have been cut, making a Prius c a bit difficult to find at the moment.
The album is a soundtrack & a classic & opera but was overlooked in the Lovers & Duets the February special, oops. The album is well put together ~ from a time when they reviewd ll the characters, the play, the music history on a double wide feast for the eyes.
The forest floor was eerily silent. The constant buzz of mosquitoes and crickets had grown mute and the only sign of life I could see was a tiny bunny at my feet. My stomach growled and I decided I couldn’t wait for Mark to finish dinner. I reached out to a bunch of wild blackberries and ate one.
Discounted Kindle Books Going For Around One Dollar
P.S. I threw blackberries and vanilla in mine and had purple April Fools Day pancakes. Also I used Artisana cacao bliss on them instead of butter. I told you I was a chocolate junkie.
However, I have still been treating myself here and there, although money is tighter now we have a mortgage to pay again, and therefore I gave the SECC a miss this year - only the second time in 10 years.
I can’t figure out what sucks more – being in love, or being in finance. HA! Jokes, jokes… I love you JRW, in case you forgot.
While I am sad that you are victim to your husband’s cruel behavior, I am also sad for your child who is witnessing a marriage he could hardly want to emulate.
Fitness & Health
I don’t run for medals. I don’t run for racing shirts or fancy gear. I don’t run for PRs. I don’t run for weight loss. I don’t run for popularity or recognition. I don’t even run for fitness. I’ll tell you why I do run though…
Karen Marley’s fashion sense is in her blood. Although most people remember Bob for his music, he threw down some seriously sharp outfits back in the day that denim and surf brands all over the world still reference. Karen spent time in London as an interior designer until she moved to Los Angeles where she works on several creative business projects with the family including designing with her sister, Cedella and her line Catch a Fire. She has a major flair for fashion and a passion for finding unique vintage that represents her eclectic style.
“Lifeonland’s three-track debut showcases a band with a vital sound that has sparkling psychedelic overtones that becomes even more endearing with repeated plays. ‘Siege’ has swarthy vocals to the fore and evokes memories of ‘Silver Machine’ by Hawkwind, The Byrds ‘Eight Miles High’ and the better aspects of Ocean Colour Scene. The melody on ‘Regrets and Chances’ really soars, with hints of Jim Morrison in a truly fine vocal performance that glides along above hypnotic raga rock rhythms. ‘Blind’ takes a more world-weary approach applied to a similar musical blueprint. It might work better for radio if shortened a tad? That said, Lifeonland possess a distinctive sound and style that helps them stand aside in today’s sonic hurly-burly.”
Web site: www.mediaexcel.com
The reality is: your life shared in the raw form is not something everyone needs a front row seat to.
To be fair, I was only telling some of the people who've recently been in contact with me to fuck off and stop making me feel bad in a time that is supposed to be the happiest of my life and to maybe get a fucking grip on their 'poor you's and learn about Down syndrome instead. I did note I was only fucking pissed off about the communications that were seriously about supporting me in my fucking time of need. Gah. (I hope this doesn't count as Fuck Off - the Sequel, although I kind of see how it might. Hmmm. Also, who can guess the baby's first word?)
I disassembled the compass at the shoreside shops of Hermit Hill Rigging and cleaned the inside of the now cloudy dome. Reassembly was easy and the o-rings, diagphram and new LED lights were installed. Filling with Isopar L is messy. The fluid is first placed in the freezer for several hours(I assume to squeeze the air out). I tried a small funnel and spilled a lot of the fluid. I finally found a small tapered hose fitting from my vacuum pump and with a hose and the small funnel, finally accomplished the fill and excluded ALL the air.
It is critical to the successful integration of the site with the rest of Lower Manhattan that Dey and Cortlandt Streets be extended as real streets between Church and Greenwich. These streets must be designed to accommodate both vehicular and pedestrian use. The public realm in New York is primarily composed of streets and sidewalks. As such, Dey and Cortlandt provide key opportunities to expand the amount of open space and accessibility into the site. Furthermore, these streets will ensure that the typical block size along Church Street remains the same as the blocks to the north and south. In New York, with few exceptions, larger block sizes (for example, blocks as long as the dimension between Liberty and Dey Streets) are provided only for our most significant public buildings such as Grand Central Station.
“Sorry,” she barked, still in military mode. “What were you saying about MiMi?”
Whatcha looking at guys?
Economically, the United States worries that China’s mercantilist policies will harm the chances of American economic recovery. China-based cyber theft of American trade secrets and technology further sharpens these concerns.
Red Sorghum (China) directed by Zhang Yimou
Eye Shadow (Fire It Up)
From beautiful curls,
A tweet appeared with me from @vadimutkin stating this:
You'd never even know that an election is happening minus the fact that the mairie (neighborhood town hall type places) were a bit more hopping than usual. Cut to America where all we hear about on NPR is the election. All we read about is the election, blah blah blah and we still have how many more months to go? How much money will be wasted on those stupid campaigns? Minus the lack of propaganda craziness here, the election is still a huge deal in France and with the top two winners tonight being Sarkozy and Hollande, it will be very interesting to see who wins out during the final round in two Sundays.
or on
A personal relationship means a relationship of response and awareness. A blade of grass receives its energy from Hashem. It cannot exist for even a split second without Hashem’s Will giving it life. Yet the grass does not have a real relationship because it cannot respond. It receives but all it gives back is its existence. There is no difference between one blade of grass and another. Hashem doesn’t respond to each one individually. There is no such thing as a righteous blade of grass who deserves lots of rain and sunshine, or a wicked blade of grass who has made major life mistakes. This is called hashgacha klalit, which means awareness without any involvement.
Then a small furry biped—trusting, appealing, and ridiculously cute—shows up at Jack’s outback home. Followed by its family. As it dawns on Jack that despite their stature, these are people, he begins to suspect that ZaraCorp’s claim to a planet’s worth of wealth is very flimsy indeed…and that ZaraCorp may stop at nothing to eliminate the “fuzzys” before their existence becomes more widely known.
Let us go to the zoo with philosophy – favourite places for family outings – and look at the animals. There are a huge number of creatures to see – owls, eagles, lions, even a mole in Marx (well grubbed). The animal of choice, for Stiegler, is the stag that, both vigilant and grazing, can protect its young as it nibbles away at the undergrowth.
My husband and I would later laugh countless times over the coming days recounting how Michael was shocked that Peter Elf could get the door wrong. And to add insult to injury, that the candy was mismatched.
Other sessions
My second observation is that the Doctor’s 1966 appeal was rejected by Stott and other leaders, including EA officers, because they disagreed with its message. To blame Lloyd-Jones, and him alone, is to fly in the face of the facts. Again, I quote Alan Gibson who was present on the occasion and who attempted to submit a motion the following morning proposing discussion of the practical implications arising from the first meeting. “To our huge disappointment”, Gibson writes, “the organising committee had decided that no such motions would be accepted. Responsibility for closing down any real consideration of steps towards evangelical church unity does not belong to John Stott alone. It lies also with the 1966 officers of the Evangelical Alliance who changed the advertised programme and denied the Assembly, set up for that very purpose, any opportunity for practical consideration of the issues the Doctor had raised”.44
* 3 Songs from Ricochet by The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. Ricochet was The Dirt Band's second album back when they still were toying with the idea that they could be the West Coast version of The Jim Kweslin Jug Band. Most the songs on the album, however, were fairly uninteresting folk-rockish pop. But I still love the crazy words-crazy tunes of their jug-band stuff.
I did not mind that it had a longer lash band since I do like using these when I attempt the gyaru dolly look. However, I do know some do not like trimming since they find it a waste - you can see that there is more volume at the outer end so it changes the look the lashes give you. It may bother some but it all depends on what overall look you are going for.
My companies remain strong, doing what we love. Our average day on market is 20 days. We accommodate a buyers request for occupancy and fast closings. We always design your home to detail with full house staging – every time. So for you interested home sellers out there, who are holding off selling your home – don’t be shy – MAKE YOUR HOME SHOW ABOVE THE REST AND USE A DESIGNER TO MAKE IT HAPPEN FOR YOU! Check out many ways to show above the rest and get that sale before anyone even knows you were on the market.
i am entering my card and tag into the following challenges:
Some say he lingered, hesitating just long enough at the computer screen to gaze one last time upon his high score – his highest score – and to sear it forever into his memory.
And if i go
Beatles Strawberry fields UK
Reader kdward contributed this photograph, which he describes as “It’s me, balancing God is not Great in one hand, and my infant daughter in the other.” The picture reminds me of the lyrics of the Stephen Stills song, “We Are Not Helpless,” which go: “The new order is upon us now/It is the children/Who have the wisdom to be free.”
available to a low to moderate-income person by each approved business. Please provide
(Update: this is still a valid method for your website, but Blogger has now added the ability to your Page Elements page. At the top left corner of the Page Elements layout, click the edit button on the Favicon element, and upload your image...Viola! If you are using a customized template that doesn't have Page Elements, you may still need this method for your blog!)
Mr Wilkinson who called Mr Griffin an "out and out racist" on air after Nick Griffin said he supported the Gurkhas wholeheartedly, showed his shocking lack of knowledge of UK politics by addressing Mr Griffin as Mr Griffiths!
So what might we begin to generalize from these results? We might assume that angry men do not cause very much dissonance, thus we do not need to complete extra mental work to make them fit in our current mental constructs. As for an angry female, though, it might not fit in our current understanding. Thus we assume that the angry female must have many personal faults. Once again, we would rather someone else be at fault, than to be at fault in our own judgements! This is a dangerous way of thinking. Well let’s see what Brescoll and Uhlmann (2008) did next.
Last week, we were still going strong with our gingerbread adventures! Here are some of our centers!
A church that preaches homophobia is an enemy to God, provided we believe that God wants to be known by us. We must reclaim God’s gifts to us, for without them, we will never truly know how to know God. Until we have seen beauty in the world, we cannot understand the world. The stoic masculine ideal sees beauty only as a means to sexual gratification. I tell you, having experienced true feeling, that there is beauty in all things deep within. Sadly, we have been blinded to this sight, this sight of the ubiquity of beauty. Dig for it, find it, and you will have found the seed and soul of personhood.
Basically I’m less cranky and more happy!
So, to quote a local Limerick blogger of note, 'You can FUCK THE FUCKITY FUCK OFF' back under the rock from whence you crawled. (Sorry 'bout the language Pat!)
Qayum Karzai has served in Parliament and in other capacities in the Karzai administration while continuing to own three restaurants in Baltimore. Yet another brother, Shahwali Karzai, "runs his own engineering consulting firm and Mahmoud's real estate project," writes Risen. "Abdul Ahmad Karzai, who worked at the Baltimore-Washington International Airport before his brother became president, now works for the Afghanistan Investment Support Agency, which issues corporate licenses" -- licenses without which a corporation cannot legally operate in the country. Other relatives are living high on the hog thanks to contracts with the U.S. military.
1/2 cup cinnamon sugar
I always knew I wanted to be a writer, and though I studied journalism in college, circumstances in my life pushed me toward a corporate job early into adulthood. I wrote every day back then--but it was either some corporate communication or publication, or something just for myself that I always pretended I'd work on getting published, but never did.
Brownsville girl show me all around the world
Choose a quote to incorporate into the spiral design and pencil it in before using a marker.
Served with Black Gold 2011 Bourbon Aged Imperial Stout
Van Zyl-Roux said the men knew the identities and addresses of the State’s witnesses and could trace, intimidate or harm them. One of the State witnesses had received anonymous, threatening cellphone calls, the court heard.
Working in newspapers means being in a world of constant flux. Everything's going smoothly, then suddenly you get a new editor and it's all change. Eventually this editor will send for you to discuss the books pages (you are a long way down the pecking order). They only ever say two things. Over the years you will hear the same two comments, over and over again.
For example, if you think you’re intuitive, but your intuitive hunches have mostly been wrong in the past, do a self check in to see what that is.
Why not use Wing Banners to improve your business sales and get yourself well known- it is the newest way to draw attention to what you want!
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe I must be a savior where within that I actually go and try to convince them of my truth yet doing it all from the starting point of knowledge that I do not yet life as myself
I hope your Easter holiday was filled with love and fun! I look forward to seeing your creations this week!
Ancient Taoists understood why the goddess element was meant to serve as the organizing element in any endeavor, as is found in their prime directive, symbolized by the ancient tai chi yin/yang primordial circle with two polarized dots and regions : “remember the yang (masculine), but stick to the yin (feminine).” This means that it is important to remember when the use of pointed, structured interventions (yang) are necessary in traversing life, but to know that the essential foundations of that life are found in the yielding, watery realms of the yielding yin. Humanity has, over the eons, reversed that principle and we are now living the consequences of disobeying it. In
Villa Park - Its up to individual neighborhoods to organize their own National Night Out parties, but if you do, you can call the police station to arrange a visit from a police officer!
Some Differences in Pesticides and Toxic Chemicals between Wild and Farmed and Fish
’Cause your happiness is all I want
Mix flour/water mixture (1 cup of flour/2 cups of water....more water if too thick)
(6) The Bible has to be treated through and through intelligently, by applying to its understanding knowledge of the ways and ideas of those who had a hand in its composition in their various periods.
One thing I have been doing to keep focused on that young readership, is to read the book with my daughter. She’s eight and an avid reader. I hadn’t yet shared my book with her because when I started the novel years ago, she was much too young. But I knew when I sold my manuscript in 2010, she’d be ready for it when it came out. It’s been funny, though, how matter-of-fact she is about the whole thing. Since I’ve published several licensed-character picture books, she’s used to mommy presenting her with a brand new author copy. This one is very different, though, at least for me. For her, it’s just another book that her mother wrote. When I gave her the novel, right out of the box of author copies minutes after they came, I held my breath wondering what she would say. “I like the cover,” she said. I showed her my dedication, which is to her, her brother, and my husband. She nodded and smiled and then handed the book back to me to go play with her gerbils.
- You have to be home before midnight.
What a crazy fun-filled week! We had so much fun on Valentine's Day! We made these cute Love Bug Valentine bags to put our Valentine cards in. They turned out super cute! My room mother came in and she had the kids make these cute heart shaped hats out of a paper plate! They turned out way cute! (Unfortunately, I forgot my camera so I had to use my phone! These shots came out a bit blurry!)
And here's the thing about shopping, and perhaps the main reason I avoid it. When I am out there, surrounded by at all the pretty things, I see all kinds of stuff I had no idea I wanted. I covet. I lust. I have an inner battle. I often lose. To make a predictable story short, I left the Chanel counter with a sample spray vial of Coco for Mom. And a bag of Chanel items I do not need for me. An eyeshadow quad? Really? I'm not the Hydra monster. I have only two eyes, but it often feels like my becoming a beauty blogger has heightened my awareness for beauty products I used to largely ignore.
Herman Cain shouts out to the radical right
Location: The Embassy of the Republic Union of Myanmar, No. 8C Jalan Ampang Hilir, 55000 Kuala Lumpur.
Mournfully
It was a shame when we demolished her little witch's cottage but soooo gingery. Yum!
I dim my song
This night will live in my memory not for just the band's performance, but for a very enjoyable post-show outing that was facilitated by several very cool people. Laura, Lief, and especially John, thank you so much.
“It was warm and clear out there, but the water was threaded with dark glints of rust and an overall pallor of gray, a suggestion of something growing dark in the depths, massing.”
You do not need to precook the chicken. It will cook as it boils in the canner. I put 1 tsp of chicken bouillon in the bottom of each jar. This is not necessary but I was interested in having really good broth for chicken soup. I cut all the fat off my boneless, skinless thighs, and then put them into the jars. There is no need to add any liquid. You should not pack them down tightly but they cook down quite a bit during the canning process. Next time I will put more in than I did this time. Make sure that you leave an inch of head room though.
Below is my recipe for vegan char siew using taukan as the main ingredient.
My success and lead in the league was built upon the foundations of a brilliant August and September where at one point I had a 100+ point lead, but since then I’ve been fairly good at best. My colleagues were slowly chipping away, desperate to overthrow the Manchester United of their league and replace it with Anyone-But-Matt.
Genevieve had started teaching at P.S. 133, on Butler Street in Park Slope, that fall of 1984. She had fretted about it all of the previous summer, and now that she was in the classroom it proved even more difficult than she had anticipated. She confided to Barack one day that she had mentioned the idea of leaving to a colleague, who told her that if she stayed she would end up with a nice pension. “That was the only time he raised his voice and got really, really upset with me,” she recalled. “He went berserk about the trade-offs he saw his grandparents make for some supposed safety net at the ex­pense of something He meant at the expense of their souls.”
Hot sexy man interlude: went skinny dippin'—and did not get caught. Unlike last time, when I was rudely advised of some sort of policy matters. Who gets all businessy at one in the morning? I say, a little adventure is good for the soul. (Sorry, no photo.)
So far one of my favorite things about being here has been seeing the patriotic spirit of the citizens as they have prepared for this day. The city is covered in red, white and blue. Stores have put up balloons and banners, and mannequins are dressed in red, white and blue. I am so glad we didn't miss this.
I just finished Immortal Darkness by Cate Tiernan (which was awesome) and her leads name is Nastasya, but her friends call her Nasty...need I say more? As for original and cool, the protag in Daughter of Smoke and Bone's name is Karou, which I thought was a pretty cool name. That's about it, with all the books I read I'm finding it hard to remember names lol.
The full FAS-FAX report will be available in the eData center. ABC members will need their user name and password to access the report. After logging in, look for the red bar that says “eFAS-FAX Reports” on the left-hand side of the page.
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check back in a little bit for the new My Sheri Crafts challenge. You'll see some great projects from the team again this week!
Then he said these words,
Consumers around the country have taped threatening phone calls from collectors who have called in the middle of the night, used abusive language and have threatened to have people fired from work or thrown in jail. All of these tactics are illegal under federal law.
So I went to my office the following day, filled with absolute certainty that by the time I got home I would find it. That didn’t happen either. Rats!
Sure, it not for everyone or every baby. Many parents find they don’t sleep as well. Or baby wakes at every movement or sound. This is where I would suggest you still keep your child close. Studies have shown that, even just having your child in a crib in the same room promotes almost the same closeness.
We rent in an Home Owner’s Association (HOA) neighborhood. The HOA is pretty crazy about how your house looks, ie IF you have any weeds, trash cans out, statues, or any other type of montrosity you will get FINED! A montrosity is deemed as anything that they don’t like or looks hideous.
I could write a book on this subject ... I have coached for over 10 years, been a wife of a coach for almost 20 years, and I have 3 kids that are currently playing sports ranging from ultra competitive travel to recreation league. They love it and PARENTS RUIN IT ...
Quite possibly the best $2.99 book out there!
We spent some family time outside. That's the surprise quilt I made for my husband this past Christmas. Lots of secret sewing for that one!
Milk – ½ liter
I have not tried making this in a microwave but I am sure it will also work well as long as you stir in between.
with bad intentions will do
That was before I got a letter from the court saying the fine was $360 - before the additional traffic school fees. For those of you keeping count, that's $22.50 for every mile over (you do the math).
The winner of Nature's Beauty from all comments left on yesterday's post is:
Speakeasy Big Daddy 7
“This is my home, my town. We can’t live like this,” Sagbo said.
–PEREGRINE FALCON, Basin 3, same, same.
MUSKEGON HEIGHTS — the singing took be concerned of itself, said Le’Andria Johnson, season three winner of BET’s “Sunday Best” gospel singing competition.
ANOTHER FAVORITE BRAIN BOOK:
NDP MP Alexandre Boulerice said s that the federal government’s $2.2 million per year Advanced Leadership Program, which funds international trips for bureaucrats, is “too expensive,” especially at a time when taxpayers are being called to make financial “sacrifices.”
The second day in the region we spend along the road to Khinaliq. We found a pair of Wallcreepers in the canyon and saw lots of Red-fronted Serins, Alpine Swifts, Rock Martins, Choughs, Ravens and two Ring Ouzles. Plenty of Common Rosefinches and Whinchats were in the hay meadows around Cek.
Malaysia’s attempts to cover up the scandal over the international money laundering of illegal timber money by Sabah’s Chief Minister, Musa Aman, is beginning to unravel.
This is what it is to be human and to worship, to be human and to love, to be human and to yearn and all to what end?
Ink: ODBD Ink Steel Blue (no longer available)
ANIMAL WORKS: I recently spoke (with other authors) at a fund raiser to support the work of Animal Works primarily in this instance to fight the poaching of rhinos in Zimbabwe. It has been tough for the human population there for an extended period – imagine how the animals have fared. I applaud the efforts of Animal Works –see their website and blog. The dinner was fun and everyone loved Africa so much and shared a concern for it’s wildlife. Botswana was a favourite country to visit. The highlight for me was when I was signing a copy of our book and I asked a girl what name should I write in it – and she said “My name is Katania. My Dad just loved Christian’s story and named me Katania”
I forgot to take a picture of this part, too, but it was delicious!
Today was an easy run, which unfortunately was interrupted by a vicious bowel movement, the 5th of the morning! At the half mile mark, there was a rumbling in my stomach and a quick trip to the restroom, and back to finish the other 2 miles. The effect of yesterdays leg workout was felt during this run as well. By the end of it, I was exhausted! Tomorrow will be an off day!!
this event will take place on:
Finally, there's the tremendous thrill of doing something that could make you unemployed, beaten up, sued and shunned by society at any moment. As I tenderly hang out the back of Abbott's wife and bang her like a pissed-up sailor on shore leave, or fondly fist her until she punches me across the face and neck in a mixture of rapture and agony - all those intimate acts between two people in love are given an extra dimension. They're made, I don't know, a bit naughty. Which is amazing when you consider how tender and loving the acts themselves are. Burp.
so 13 is irrelevant to the sun as is friday
Why, then, do so many people want to turn away the great strength we have, our strength as community? When we act together, benefits to ourselves are multiplied, whether that community is our street or our nation. We take care of each other. The strongest community is the 313-million of us who live in the United States of America.
blue rice rolls wrapped with steamed purple cabbage; steamed peeled purple potato.
For this people’s heart has become calloused;
The 1980 study deals specifically with mutations that affect “segment number and polarity in Drosophilia“. I would contend that tinkering with such genes is like randomly playing with the foundations of a house that’s already been built. Especially since all the mutations involve the removing of segments. As a general rule, major changes in the body plan of animals are rare, for the reason that other things have been built on top of this and rely on it to work, otherwise they become harmful. You can’t give a cat six legs – at the very least you’ll stuff up it’s finely evolved balance. It shouldn’t be unexpected that such mutations would be largely detrimental – evolution doesn’t progress in such large stages all at once.
_ Conducting a workshop on some topic related to Calvert County, how to research or how to interpret what resources you find, for instance.
The fam and I are planning to hit up New Mexico for our next vacation. Preliminary deets and some really pretty New Mexico photos available here - New Mexico trip. If all things go as planned, we will be heading out west in August.
Explaining the importance of translation, he rendered some of his poems and responded to the questions of the participants. Though he was a professor of Physics, at one point, he turned towards literature. However, he could not explain as to why such turning point occurred, though the reason, as he told, was reportedly “love”. While rendering his one of the “love poem”, he termed it as a “bad love poem”!
And boy oh boy... this is going to bring you all a lot more stories and content. Like where are Bryan and I living now that we lost our master bedroom? Where do we store our office supplies and print our spreadsheets? And what is going on with the boys bedroom switcharoo? That my friends will be shared soon, so stay tuned!
Lighthouse Family Life Help line Ministry believes that the family (as God has ordained it to be—man, woman and children) is under attack from every direction. These attacks must be countered with relative efforts from the Body of Christ in the areas of teaching, support, prayer and discipleship if there is to be a legacy of faith to hand down to the next generation.
I also decided to tackle a stone pathway. I thought it was just concrete but after a little washing, I realized it was cool stone inset. We also power washed a big long step leading up the deck from the driveway area. It was covered with at least 10+ years of moss and debris. There is a big pine that shades the yard and allows for a lot of moss growth. I like moss but in moderation as it gets very slippery during the fall/winter. Afterwards, you can still tell a difference between old and new but it blends much better. We plan on staining it all a medium brown shade after the new steps weather for a year.
The prophet Lehi had seen vision of this destruction and preached to the people to repent. The Jews did not listen but sook to destroy his life instead. The Lord warns Lehi to depart out of the land of Jerusalem and ultimately guided to the promised land (the Americas), the setting for the Book of Mormon ..the history and God's dealings with the people who lived there (see quote below found in Mormon.org).
But Paedophilia is a subject which allows no-one to be level-headed. I am after all a father and grandfather.
And support our Cause in any way that you can. If we ALL join together, we CAN make a difference.
journey during which the listener is transported to the most lofty
as one of its recurring themes. Each hand-made item uses re-claimed fabrics in part of the design. The use of a birdcage in the video is interesting. Birds are the ultimate symbol of freedom, but become poignant metaphors when in captivity - one of the messages also found in Alexander McQueen's SS01 collection. Some concepts are never old.
To get back on track, finding the ideal Vietnamese sandwich here hadn’t happened yet as of last weekend. Kyle tried one from Bite Mi (by UT campus) and we both tried them at Pho Oanh (one of 3 highly regarded Vienamese restaurants within a few blocks of each other on East Oltorf). Both were good, but not mind-blowing. To be fair, we were spoiled by Allston’s Super 88 banh mis back in Boston, which remain the best either of us has ever had. Perfect chewy bread, char-grilled meat, and some amazing sauce…I’d never know where to begin to replicate it. A creamy Asian-inspired honey mustard is the best way I could describe it. Also super cheap – $3.50 each and plenty filling.
“She just keeps getting better and better, this Jessica Sanchez. Stuttering floored me! Mexican? Filipino? American? She is above all that. She is JessicaSanchez, 16!!! Tayong lahat ang panalo,” the Maestro tweeted.
Kyle was sentenced to 37-and-a-half years in prison in March after pleading guilty of abusing the infant during several occasions in 2009, according to St Louis Today.
But, big HEALTH has been fighting this health plan since, at least, the days of President Harry S. Truman. President Truman reminded America that its children would be helped by making health care available to them. And while the neocons have expressed an interest in the human fetus, that interest is political. They want to get their hands on America’s Constitution to declare the fetus a person. And while messing with the Constitution they’ll likely make or try to make other neocon type changes.
As in feeling down. My flu is worse, which of course means I am feeling better. (“There you have it Flu, don’t mess with me ’cause I’ll treat you BAD!!”) Still not alright though. And for all you guys reading this, YES, it is that time of the month. Hah, you laugh all you want, I’m grumpy.
"You know, he makes gestures with his hands. And he licks himself."
As with any baking, keep an eye on your roll. This is just an estimated time. You'll know it's done when the roll is golden and makes a hard tapping sound when you tap it with your fingernail...just like when baking a loaf of bread.
“I know,” he replied. “But I didn’t trust you. I thought I could avoid hurting you, but I think I did the opposite.”
Thankfully he is better and the midterms are finally done!! This picture sums up how I've been feeling the past weeks....OVERWHELMED!
The landlord of the house where I live is also Romanian. He’s doing well; he has a lot of properties in and around London. So he offers R a job renovating one of these properties. Great: R gets the work that will keep him going until his manager gets him onto a new project. Except there’s a bit more to it than that: the landlord gets R to do a job which R estimates should pay 2000 pounds, and pays R 1000 pounds. R doesn’t complain because he’s grateful to have that much and a roof over his head.
Sure, some of us are into natural foods or Eastern philosophies or tie-dyed shirts or liberal politics, and most of us value creativity. But the same could be said of just about any cross-section of humans—at least on the West coast! To attach any label other than "unschoolers" to such a diverse group is shortsighted and seems rather dismissive (even to someone who admires hippies).
(1) It gives a flavour.
The literary critic William B. Dillingham has shown that as The Encantadas progresses, we encounter more recognisably human tortoises: Hunilla’s endurance and Oberlus’ “mindless bestiality” suggest, for Dillingham, “the most basic and mechanical form of energy, life without life.” Melville had subjected Hawthorne to offers of literary fellowship, which the grumpy author for his part seems to have politely discouraged, but Melville must have marvelled at how Hawthorne could have made a name for himself as a popular novelist (The Scarlet Letter had been published four years before The Encantadas) when he sold tales of a despair and woe unique within Western literature. Perhaps the picture of a salesman enthusiastically promoting a set of blighted islands – whose cursed citizens, ferocious slaveholders, and “permanent Riotocracy” present a travesty of American society – serves to indict, or at least to question, Hawthorne’s entire literary career.
Some things just don’t ever change
Rob Verreycken
There are no literal bullets, like dots. It will appear much as it did in the PDF. It will say, “EW's bullet points...” and then the list starts. The only difference will be where the line breaks are and I am going to use Rockwell font.
I have never been a believer in luck -- good luck or bad luck. Lately, though, the trials have pounded like hard, steady rain -- a down pour. As some would say, "a string of bad luck". Nothing earth shattering, thankfully. Just the intensity of a continual set of trials. When it rains it pours.
Polynucleotide and Polypeptide Sequences
It was also the year that I got my first B.
even if you must grieve
A new study by Jessica Hellmann, associate professor of biological sciences at the University of Notre Dame, and researchers from Western University found that mild winters, such as the one many of us just experienced, can be taxing for some butterfly or possibly other species.
it's probably fair to state that this experience colours the rest of my opinion about whether doppler use is a good thing for me, or not.
Hotels surrounding the Falmouth Beach Hotel, which burned down yesterday, have seen an increase in business since the blaze.
In the midst of extensive growth and heightened interest surrounding electronic dance music, Insomniac has gathered an inspiring roster of industry pioneers and innovative business leaders to lead vital conversations at the inaugural EDMbiz conference. With executives from Wall Street to Madison Avenue showing interest in the genre, attendees will gain keen insight towards pressing issues and current debates as the world watches EDM take its place in pop culture history. Held at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas June 5-7, 2012, the event will lead into North America’s largest electronic dance music festival, the 16th Annual Electric Daisy Carnival.
The goal of the Solar Storm Disaster Preparedness Plan is to alleviate some of the misery and hardship that may be encountered following a massive solar storm. The plan identifies both a reactive approach (immediate actions) and a proactive approach (long-term measures) that can be taken to minimize adverse effects from this threat. The plan provides practical advice primarily focused on survival basics: water, food, shelter and protecting human life.
Most of my images are now available in this format - many are hanging up in the galleries and others can be requested as special orders (which Matt makes himself, and I of course sign!). Prices range from $95 for the square detail open editions up to $325 for the really big ones. Limited Editions of gallery exclusives are also available by phone/email/gallery too. If you're not in the area, simply call 407-827-8200 or also email online popgallery.manager@me.com
You name it, I guess they got it!
I don’t know whether I did this on my own or we were prompted by a form, but this poem illustrates the Acrostic verse form:
More importantly, however, social dominance theory (SDT)is NOT centrally about SDO, but rather about the interrelationships among the myriad mechanisms (e.g., individual differences, gendered-predispositions, social institutions, system-wide ideologies) that produce and re-produce group-based social hierarchy (where SDO simply plays one role) and how the tendency for society to organize itself hierarchically expresses itself in systems of racism, sexism, classism, ethnic domination, imperialism, etc. If one has not understood that Social Dominance Theory is about formation and maintenance of group-based dominance and NOT just about SDO, than one has not understood the theory at all.
Tim Powers is a decent writer. His descriptive powers are wonderful and he has the ability to evoke the locations of the Caribbean (islands, waters) in an emotionally satisfying way, while still using plain language. He uses enough nautical and sailing terminology to make the book feel "real" without bogging down in too much shipspeak. His choice of time and location, the early 18th century Caribbean, provides both the great pirate base of the Bahamas and some famous pirates, the most important being Blackbeard. Some of his characters, especially the pirate captain Phil Davies and the bocor Woefully Fat are wonderful original creations and a joy to read about, the latter being especially good (quite the scene stealer in his few appearances). His villains are convincingly evil as well, especially Hurwood who has one of the most interesting (and disturbing) villainous motivations I've ever read. Hurwood's assistant, for lack of a better word, is a forgettable character. I can't even remember his name and his brief back story was disgusting.
break from full-throttle blogging.
Silpat, the original non-stick baking mat, is an eco-friendly kitchen tool and can be used thousands of times, if cared for properly. Use it in place of parchment paper to cut down on waste.
What advice do you have for someone who's considering starting their own blog?
Soaked & Cooked Tender Beans? ~ I prepare dried beans two ways. When I think ahead I cook them in a slow cooker overnight with seasonings, on a warm setting and then a few hours the next day on low. Or if I forget, I use the stove-top/oven method that does the same in a couple of hours. The oven seems to work better than using just the stove, making a faster, tender pot of beans. Here's how: cover the washed beans with about 2-inches of water in a dutch oven with a tight fitting lid. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Add your seasonings (don't
8. You will not have to pay a failure-to-file or failure-to-pay penalty if you can show that you failed to file or pay on time because of reasonable cause and not because of willful neglect.
A few weeks ago, we caught an episode of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives where they were cooking cabbage with bacon and onion. It was filmed so vividly we could practically smell it and the Mister and I looked at each other like "oh yeah....we've gotta have some of that." The bug was planted. He and I love cabbage. I usually stir-fry it with some garlic salt, fennel seed and a little balsamic vinegar, but this looked even better. I fished around online until I found something from All Recipes that sounded about right.
Jeb Blount, Joshua Schneyer – Reuters, 01/26/2012
Music. . . On A Day Like This, David Bridie
It didn’t help that Victoria tried to get Charlotte to seduce Declan in order to make sure Daniel wasn’t screwed during the trial and the rather unwelcome return of Adam supplying Charlotte drugs was another bummer moment as well. It looks like things are only going to get much worse for Charlotte than better.
18. And Suddenly
Indeed he goes further than this, suggesting that true strength is only to be found in these actions. Someone who appears to have power (strength) and does not use it in fact does not have that power (strength) in the first place. Unless it is exercised strength only exists as a label in language. The popular (slave-)morality he says wrongly separates having strength from the action of strength. Nietzsche argues that this is not possible. “…there is no ‘being’ behind doing,… ‘the doer’ is a mere appendage to the action. The action is everything.”
Schirripa was overwhelmed and said it was ‘like buying everybody and SUV’.
DO NOT WAIVER FROM YOUR PLAN. Despite fatigue and just generally wanting to veg out in front of the tube, I’ve baked 4 of the 5 dozen cookies. Now all that’s not hanging over my head. I feel accomplished thus far.
We still had some time on our hands before the first official game, so we set up a final playtest of our Rough Wooing scenario for the convention. Norman posted a report as part of his convention coverage. As the French commander I found that the weight of the cavalry force on my right flank was enough to flatten the English, and my left flank distracted their center forces enough that my center was able to move forward and seize the gun. I had the opportunity to take the French side again during the third running on Saturday and found that it was not so easy to do again...
I then spent way too long filling out forms denying the need for a ride in a vehicle with blazing lights and a blaring horn.
I don't entirely agree with you when you say that 'standard' publishers are not really for 'new, older' authors who submit manuscripts. A writer can start writing, and writing well at any age, young or old. J K Rowling is a case in point. And remember, every commercially published author was once a 'new' author.
WTF guys? What do we have against showering?
Alright folks ... we had a great turnout in October and we are only looking for you lazy bums to haul your butts out to skate about once every four to six weeks so no excuses. And to those of you who missed the skate last time, you missed a lot of fun - the weather was crisp and the companionship was great. Kevin Ryan (ex-FDNY) and Ronnie Lopez (ex-Sawchuk winner) in goal - how could we go wrong? Lopez even pulled out one of his patented laying-on-his-back-and-leg-in-the-air saves. Ho cool is that?
We ordered a large number of triple beam balances and microscopes today through the school ordering system. Woot! In the afternoon I ran around the city doing errands and simultaneously getting my run in.
“They try that on me all the time,” the wolf crowed in triumph. “Now let’s get the rest of them. You go around the house that way, and I’ll take the side you hid on.”
Anyone out there have a quick and easy weekend organizing project ahead of them? How about a major overhaul happening? It sure would be fun to share some weekend warrior type stuff with the readers on Monday morning!
dont always expect too much it's also hard .. and you also get homesickk.. which is the bit im feeling today ..
Another side to this type of play is the teams played on and/or the reason for the “fight” I was in. As a boy I was a “good guy.” I fought the bad guys–imaginary or real–and defeated enemies that opposed good. These enemies were evil and had to be crushed. “bad guys” in the 20th century and talked about even to this day are: Stalin, Hitler, Mao Zedong, Ho Chi Minh, Pol Pot. More recent are Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden. They were all evil men, because they coveted the things they wanted and either destroyed or oppressed their own people and defied anyone who apposed them in order to meet their own wants. They killed, stole, and destroyed whomever they desired for their pleasure. Mao once calmly stated, “Half of China may well have to die,” concerning caring out his plans for China (Kakutani). Stalin said, “One mans death is a tragedy, but the death of millions is a statistic” (Scott Hayden). These men were influenced by forces they welcomed into their lives by the way they lived. They did not have to use, prayer, chants, meditation, or mystical arts to become influenced by evil. Satan seeks whom he can influence. “The thief comes to kill, steal, and destroy. I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly” (John 10:10). The thief spoken of here is Satan. Is there anything similar between Satan and the afore mentioned bad men?
Where is our Ministry of Immigration, where is our Ministry of Foreign Affairs, our Ministry of Industry and our Ministry of Finance? I will tell you: prancing like fools and idiots to the tunes of American and British bankers. Selling their souls and robbing the till and not doing a damn thing to help the country. Looking the other way while those who have no roots to us or interest in us or worse who want to destroy us are flooded in.
“If he had just asked them to get out of his house, they would have,” she said. “They are mannerable boys. He took a life he didn’t have to take.”
Tom has chosen yellow cake with Chocolate Malt Frosting. Ok. To be honest, I suggested it (knowing his tastes) and he liked the idea so much that he never bothered trying to think of anything else.
I've used lots of different Dylusions ink sprays for the background, combined with Dylusions stencils and stamps from both Dylusions and Tim Holtz (Stampers Anonymous).
*I tweeted this: "Just found out "This Means WAR" isn't about baseball stats. Had imagined Reese Witherspoon playing UZR. Sigh."
Right, enough for now. I'm off to make a glove puppet show about integral calculus...
Meanwhile, Glyndebourne is currently offering a free streaming on its website of On Such a Night. It's a wonderfully 1950s film directed by Anthony Asquith, designed to introduce audiences, and Americans in particular, to the delights of English country house opera. Catch it here.
Given that Joseph was returning to his home town, it’s highly unlikely he would not be able to find shelter there. Even allowing for the shame of a child conceived out of wedlock, hospitality codes meant that strangers could expect some welcome, let alone a member of the family expecting the birth of a baby. Moreover, that Jesus was born ‘while they were there’ suggests plenty of time to arrange suitable housing.
While sulphurous fogs gave London a distinctive aroma in the winter, the summer months also had their own particular scent – raw sewage. Until the 1860s, the capital's inadequate sewer system was pouring an ever-increasing amount of human waste directly into the Thames (a disaster in a tidal river, where the sewage might flow towards the estuary and then immediately be swept back towards civilisation). The problem came to a head with the infamous 'Great Stink' of 1858, where the river's pestilential odour became unbearable. The principal cause of the 'Stink' was, ironically, the increasing popularity of the flush toilet (as opposed to the traditional household cesspool, emptied every year or two). The new toilets removed waste from the house very effectively, but London's ageing sewers were not equipped to deal the consequences. When the stench reached even the hallowed halls of the Palace of Westminster, MPs supported a grand design for a new system of intercepting sewers beneath the streets of London, coupled with cathedral-like pumping stations at remote Abbey Mills and Crossness. These would lift up the effluent, allowing it to progress even further eastwards, away from the bounds of the metropolis. The scheme was a remarkable, gargantuan undertaking that took almost twenty years to complete.
This is a simple and quite treat for kids or for a party.Great for giveaway gifts.Easy to make and easy to put together.I got the idea,when we visited local iskcon temple.They serve these along with prasadam.They added peanut and sesame seeds to the chocolate and made into a bar.I didnt have sesame seeds in hand so added peanuts,cashews,raisin and dates.
"Hey, I didn't know you had taken my picture," I said.
W. What makes you run late: Getting sidetracked. By anything. The internet, TV, Dan, cleaning the bathroom, you name it.
A typical day in the lives of the Explodinators would involve a lively debate over what they should blow up today...
So, there you have it—the Væmpires saga in a one-thousand-word nutshell. It’s an urban fantasy/dystopian series, combining fantasy, sci-fi, horror, action, and romance in bite-sized chunks for your enjoyment. There’s even a guest appearance by zombies!
As the priest urged them to stand, her eyes widened, and took in the priest, and the altar. She felt its cloth, could feel the warmth of the candles. Beyond that she saw and felt the full horror of Christ on the Cross. She lost her breath entirely and grabbed the pew in front with both hands. Then she fell. The weight of the cross on her back. Her mother stooped to help her up.
“What do you want?” he asked me, in just the deep silky voice I remembered.
While the pasta (long, ideally, but anything goes) boils, you cook the broccoli, with crushed garlic and a tin of anchovies, and add the raisins towards the end. The original calls for capers but I hardly every remember them.
Yes, I was spoiled as a child. But, I am happy to say I did not turn out into one of those greedy, have to have everything adult. Actually, I live pretty frugally. I recycle/reuse. I make many things instead of buying them. And when I do buy stuff, I never pay retail! I think I turned out pretty good for being spoiled.
Wishing everyone the simple pleasures of celebrating with family. 'The days are long, but the years are short...' Happy Easter / Joyeuses Pâques to all.
All the while, the silence from East Londonderry and East Antrim was deafening. The DUP obstructed legislation in the Assembly to ban double-jobbing. Then came the U-turn. See link.
I'll break it down by product now...
afternoon snack
My interests and experiences have been working with children who “fall between the cracks.” My education and experiences as well as passions have led me to work as director for group homes, camps for special needs children/adults, inner-city camps, Christian camps, and residential treatment centers for children. My goal is to combine these experiences with my mental health license and open a camp/residential program for children/youth and their families.
Cabin in the Woods is what nerds like to call a ‘Meta-Narrative’ on a specific type of genre, namely horror/slasher films. The characters are stock (deliberately), the set up is predictable (deliberately) and the actual initial ‘Horror’ element is paint by numbers (deliberately), to stop this disappearing up its own arse this is pointed out by the fact -
Red and gold
A so deserved break!
Buff: Uh ... I'm sure they have, but ... Oh my, you're not wearing any underwear!
One woman (of actual childbearing age) in the audience raised her hand to ask about the guilt of taking time for herself while her young kids are at home. Fortunately, that's one thing I've never had an issue with. Without grown-up time, I would simply die.
Also, stop lending legitimacy to Senate filibusters by treating a 60-vote hurdle as routine. The framers certainly didn’t intend it to be. Report individual senators’ abusive use of holds and identify every time the minority party uses a filibuster to kill a bill or nomination with majority support.The last point is especially critical. The vast majority of the electorate doesn't understand how the system in the Senate works and a 60 vote majority has become an accepted norm because the media doesn't tell them what a vast break of precedent this tactic is every single time the GOP blocks an up or down vote. Instead they report it as an ordinary victory or defeat.
With every passing second she gets more and more comfortable
The next was even more surreal and terrifying. Smurfs porn, which I didn't even know existed until that fateful night. Male Smurf and Smurfette are getting jiggy on a picnic blanket. They're both just actors covered in blue bodypaint. As they fuck about, the paint rubs off on the blanket. Then Gargamel turns up and starts raping Smurfette. Although it's not rape, because she's obviously enjoying it. The only way it could be any more disturbing is if it were Simpsons porn.
In exchange for Harman’s help, the sources said, the suspected Israeli agent pledged to help lobby Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., then-House minority leader, to appoint Harman chair of the Intelligence Committee after the 2006 elections, which the Democrats were heavily favored to win.
*Spend time of course in the word since I am way behind on my bible reading for the year.
-calligraphy
Paper: Recollections White and Kraft Cardstock, SEI Black Orchid
Being part of a community like this one allows us to learn about many things that we would otherwise probably never encounter in our lives. One of those things for me has been learning about something called Prader-Willi Syndrome. One of the lovely mamas on our board gave birth to a little girl named Lillian, who after much testing and waiting was diagnosed with PWS. With the help of her parents she is doing amazingly well. However, there is not yet a cure for PWS. 8 month old Lillian is given daily injections of growth hormones and will struggle throughout her life with insatiable hunger.
I was thrilled to play a small part in setting the ambiance for this lovely ceremony.
This precious name at the gateway makes the approach easy.
5) Texas in early July is hot. If you are standing in the direct sun, you are out of your mind. But, in the shade, with a cold beer or a Dr. Pepper, or after dinner, sated on red meat (mad cow disease scare in Texas notwithstanding), it feels wonderful.
Geared for ages 3-10
This show has gone from being revolutionary, to being dry and banal and a matter of weeks. It hooked me on the auditions, but if the show isn’t really about “the voice” what is it about?
Iván Meade - How do you choose and position sculpture/art in the garden?
She turned to move something. I shifted in and she was started by my sudden appearance. But she shrugged, clearly too drunk or drugged up to care about what I just did. She started to undress.
"My friend" and I had been Friends and Hunting Partners for years. I served as a Pall Bearer (the only non-Law Enforcement) at his funeral. The funeral was held at XXX, Texas where he had served as Assistant Chief of Police for several years before moving to XXX County. After the funeral, the Sheriff & "My friends" Dad gave me his badge, shoulder patch and duty weapon, the one he was shot with. I received the pistol after the trial was held.
My doctor looked at me from between my legs and said, "Jenny, there's a problem. We have a lot of bleeding and we can't stop it. I need to get you into an operating room right now." She asked Big Daddy to leave. I remember hearing a splish-splash sound as people moved about the room. Big Daddy told me later, much later, that what I was hearing was the sound of footfalls on a floor covered in blood. Splashable amounts of blood.
Coming through the ceiling of my laundry room.
Pendant: Etsy, sellers are no longer in business
I guess that’s just how life is though, full of surprises, trials, laughs… and confuzzling sentence skeletons (Ick). But, at least I know that I’ve got God, so what am I worried about? I may do horrible in my worst subject, (English, are you surprised?) but I guess that’s what perseverance is for, right? (Nod your head so I know you’re paying attention.)
Shout! Factory and Nickelodeon are “unleashing” the network’s classic 90′s Nicktoons fast and “furry-ous” in this first quarter of 2012. Among the new sets helping fans of the classics “scratch their itch” (is that enough bad puns?) is CatDog Season 1.5, or Season 1 Part 2. The zany adventures of this crazy canine feline (yes that’s a reference to the theme song) continue in the second half of this season. This time out, Cat learns that maybe being a collector of action figures isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be. Cat also learns the importance of honesty when he goes out on a date with his Swedish pen pal, Ingrid. He also realizes the importance of his friendship with his canine counterpart when he nearly gets the pair literally split up.
I was writing down silly observations and ideas, like:
Pinch their fingers in the doohinkies that hold the Mass books
Sassy is still lovin' her bunnies. She asked me to take this picture of her with a few she had tucked into her little box.
Eurycoma longifolia commonly known as Tongkat Ali or Pasak Bumi is a traditional plant used frequently enhancer countries such as China, India and Malaysia in libido. Recently, it has grown in popularity worldwide because of its success rate. In this article we will discuss the benefits and how they can help to overcome problems of sexual health and more.
Note: Their pouches are not BPA free. Salmon sold in pouches is “pouched” in Thailand and sourced in Alaska or Russia. In terms of contaminants, they should be pretty much the same, says one expert. (If Russian salmon is Atlantic and not Pacific salmon, however, avoid it. It could have grown up near a large nuclear sub base.)
“It is here. I have found it after all these years.” William cast down his lighter and with reverence, slowly made his way to the pool. The mist of the falling water cooled his hot skin. His mouth fell open, ready to drink its fill. The pain of his arm ebbed away with each step closer to the water.
However, my lovely Kate Spade everydayware will never be quite the same.
John eventually wandered upstairs obviously assuming an overreaction on my part. But since Moe was standing on the bed peering over the headboard on full alert I think we had a confirmed critter violation. It obviously didn’t involve a human since Lola was sleeping and only woke up to see what the excitement was about before going back to sleep. Of course by this time, there really wasn’t much to see although John did use the flashlight to check under the bed and yes, gripe about too much crap under that bed (the area under beds is a natural extra storage space and I was in no mood to get into that discussion)!
Honey: No, I will go look at some more houses on-line
After a long absence from the blog, I am back with loads of new stuff to post. Millions (well nearly) of cakey and baking books to review (its a serious addiction of mine and all part of the plan to own and use 200 good baking/cook books by the time I'm 40). I have been really busy with weddings but sadly have been very lax with the photos. Still lots to post about though, so lets get on shall we?
Madeleine Hanna is also an incurable idealist. After graduation, she, along with her friends, seem somewhat perplexed by the “real world” they’ve finally entered. And it’s really no wonder: She lives in an intellectual circle made of Nietzche-reading classmates like Thurston and professors with names like “Zipperstein” and a boyfriend who makes fun of her drink preferences with quips like, “Sure. Martinis. We can pretend we’re Salinger characters.”
Last night on The Voice, the most significant cuts were made, rounding out the group of Semi Finalists.
I never want you to go
13Therefore, prepare your minds for action; be self-controlled; set your hope fully on the grace to be given you when Jesus Christ is revealed. 14As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. 15But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; 16for it is written: “Be holy, because I am holy.”
We get back home to find
Also, I am headed out of town today for a conference and will have limited Internet access, so I probably won't be able to comment much on your posts until next week.
But what of the side they’ll be usurping upon the Premier League throne?
High profile members of the pop culture such as Michael Moore, Rosie O'Donnell, Jon Stewart, Joy Behar, Bill Maher and Janeane Garofalo, pander to the dumbest of the dumb, and are then heralded for their candor, their courage and their cutting-edge wit.
Let us not beat around the bush about it, the new album from South Wales band Kyshera is simply exceptional, a kaleidoscope and maelstrom of ideas, invention and intrusive imagination that provokes as strongly as it thrills. Made in China leaves one on a lofty high whilst deep in thought with its startling and captivating sounds, challenging intent, and unique ingenuity.
Smuttynose S'Muttaroni APA 6.0%
But then, I am in Helsinki, and along with the familiar chocolate Easter eggs and rabbits, there are other cultural traditions being played out that reflect Finland's past domination by eastern and western powers. The witches, I'm told, came from Sweden and the wands from Russia, mixing together to make an intriguing local custom where costumed witches recite good wishes with their willow wands in return for sweets.
1. I don’t want/need to discuss my refrigerator’s weight issues, and frankly think George would be rather angry that I am discussing these issues publicly.
"18 days?"
Play your iPad like a musical instrument.
Crystal Light Pure uses Truvia and sugar as it sweeteners so it is not zero calories (there are 30 per packet). But I s
Because I'm thinking my klutzy arse would not be safe with a sharp utility knife whilst on pain killers...
We finished up our "location" shoot, packed up and headed home. But as we got in our neighborhood, the moon had risen even higher and was brighter. Trophy husband started looking for a spot to pull over and get some shots.
A friend of mine said to me today: “Well, you have stayed in your current building too long. You have outgrown it. It’s just not a fit anymore”.
Well our first feedback has just arrived from the youth forum we did last weekend and it has instilled in me great faith in this idea of ripples that might influence social change. I also think that the earlier you encounter these ripples the better (ie younger the participants).
Since we’re here, we can add in the handler for onBackButton as well.
Because I have never separated myself from my home neighborhood, I cannot identify myself to myself apart from it. I am fairly literally flesh of its flesh. It is present in me, and to me, wherever I go. This undoubtedly accounts for my sense of shock when, on my first visit to Duke University, and by surprise, I came face-to-face with James B. Duke in his dignity, his glory perhaps, as the founder of that university. He stands imperially in bronze in front of a Methodist chapel aspiring to be a cathedral. He holds between two fingers of his left hand a bronze cigar. On one side of his pedestal is the legend: INDUSTRIALIST. On the other side is another single word: PHILANTHROPIST. The man thus commemorated seemed to me terrifyingly ignorant, even terrifyingly innocent, of the connection between his industry and his philanthropy. But I did know the connection. I felt it instantly and physically. The connection was my grandparents and thousands of others more or less like them. If you can appropriate for little or nothing the work and hope of enough such farmers, then you may dispense the grand charity of “philanthropy.”
Then when everything was back in working order, I braved a call to Orange to cancel my cell phone. I told the lady that I needed service until the end of June. She cheerily told me that my service would end May 23. I gulped, told her that I had not expressed myself properly (knowing full well that I needed to accept the blame for any misunderstanding). No problem. Hold the line. She returned and told me that she had taken care of it and my phone would be working until the end of July. Rather than try to get a third ending date, I said thank you, hung up, and now I'm hoping that I can call back later and try again. Because you see, I have to close my bank account before we go and I can only imagine the kind of hell that will rain down on me if Orange tries to tap my closed bank account.
Okay, don't say "Ewww beets!" I know that beets are a love them or hate them vegetable. I have a strong opinion about those who dislike beets, but have only experienced beets from a can or a jar. You cannot officially say you don't like beets until you have done two things:
With this bunch of bozos in Washington running our big businesses into the ground, small business is going to be the only financial engine our nation will have left--so let's make it happen.
So even in the world of digital versions, the publisher still has to sell at least 300 copies a year to keep the work in print. If they don’t, rights revert to the author.
A while back I made these buffalo chicken enchiladas. I love that whole wheat tortillas were used in the making of this dish.
However with ICS, they seem to have faced the challenge and they had to delay the original roll out plan. The much awaited ICS updated for the Arc and newer phones were due in April was delayed, and now only the newer Arc S and the Neo V and Ray got the update, while the older models only getting June or later.
This is one of the huge reasons it is important to teach respect, being kind, and good citizenship. You might be the only person that your students can count on. I know it is hard when we've been up since 5 taking care of our own kids, getting them off to school, making sure everything is ready for the day, and Oh! Billy threw up all over the table to take the time and model the kind of behavior that we expect from our students.
Young Gul is at the same time distributing pay amongst his employees. The pay contains bonuses for everyone and he tells them they’re on to the next phase of their business here on. Finally, he calls up Ga Young since hers I s the only one left. She’s happy to get the call and he tells her he’s infront of her office, asking her to come out. She primps up, ready to go but gets a call. It’s to head to a meeting where Jae Hyuk introduces her to some people working on YGM and then they all head out to dinner together, as witnessed by Anna. Ga Young messages Young Gul that something popped up for work and she can’t come. He scoffs at that and watches her get in the same car with Jae Hyuk and leave. (Funny how I don’t care much about the scene itself but love the background song!)
He grabbed his braces in his fists and, gasping for breath, danced round her once again. She span on her bottom, her legs swinging around the hay bale, laughing all the while, as Danny skipped round her. He stopped and lent forward, gasping, hands on his knees.
with no effort.
Angela was in India recently to attend the annual conference of the International Foundation of Fashion Technology Institutes (IFFTI) hosted in Jaipur by Pearl Academy of Fashion. Creative Director of Missoni’s women’s collections and co-owner of the company, Angela belongs to the second generation of the family that set up what’s probably Italy’s oldest fashion house. Missoni was set up in 1953 by her parents Ottavio and Rosita. There are a few companies that are older — Prada for instance — but as Angela points out, no one in Italy has exclusively, continuously, been in the realm of clothing for as long as Missoni, that too while maintaining the company as a complete family-run business. (While Angela heads women’s wear, brothers Vittorio and Luca are in charge of marketing and knitwear research respectively, besides being co-owners in the company.)
Sounds like it could be fun - only if you're anything like me you'll find it easier to write comedy when you're not trying - and impossible to write it when you are trying. Bugger.
Non-Member conference registration rate starting 1 April $665.00
Everyone has a worldview. It is a set of eyeglasses through which we view life. Our view of God, of basic reality, of humankind and other human beings, are all components of our worldview. It colors our view of ethics and morality, of history and politics, every aspect of our lives and thinking.
When I woke up this morning, I saw two messages from Amazon in my inbox, each saying I'd received a gift from Katrina. She sent me a couple of songs, and I downloaded and listened to them, still in a sour attitude. They were nice songs, but the fact that she cared meant so much more than the lyrics to the songs.
He said, ”I’m very sorry for this mistake. You see, I pulled up behind your car while you were blowing your horn, flipping off the guy in front of you and cussing a blue streak at him. I noticed the ‘What Would Jesus Do’ bumper sticker, the ‘Choose Life’ license plate holder, the ‘Follow Me to Sunday-School’ bumper sticker, and the chrome-plated Christian fish emblem on the trunk, so naturally….I assumed you had stolen the car.”
Tomorrow: Nikka Whisky
Google clones Dropbox: lock, stock, and privacy gaffe – Google Drive looks like just another ho-hum Dropbox clone. Same feature set, same market positioning. But was it really necessary for Google to copy the outrageously unfair terms of service.
According to Wiki, the Luddites were a social movement of 19th-century English textile artisans who protested against the changes produced by the Industrial Revolution, that replaced them with less skilled, low wage labour, and which they felt were leaving them without work and changing their way of life.
I start with a small amount of Panko and then add what I need, I hate wasting those yummy bits. Plus you don’t want the batter mucking up the Panko.
Happy birthday to my wonderful, sweet little girl, who turned five yesterday. You are a gift from God that your father and I treasure every day. May you always be blessed.
A lot of dog people think that getting their dog a puppy or another adult dog for companionship is a terrific idea, and it IS! But then it seems like fights break out, or the two dogs together seem to feed off each other’s misbehavior. Or even worse, the initial meeting goes awry and you end up with one very angry and territorial established pet.
Written & Performed by: Kate Bush
I made this LO for Anna's sketch challenge at Cocoa Daisy.
Process in making bread:
Playboys (or girls), those who refuse to grow up, the skittish, the cheaters, the fibbers, the non-commital, those who can't manage limitations, restrictions, or adult responsibilities - these people become less and less attractive.
MERENSTEIN DJ, ROSENBAUM DJ, WOOLF SH. Effects of influenza vaccination of health care workers on mortality of elderly people. J Fam Pract 2000; 355: 93-97.
And so before the music fades and the producer offstage gives the wrap it up signal, I shall move on...
I would perhaps develop my comment in this way: that two artists would focus on the same type of gendered color coding of endless amounts of cheap every day commodities is an indicator of a general situation, but if one knows that the other did the --visually identical -- work of discovery and research already, what is her responsibility to the earlier artist?Holland Cotter praised the "impressive debut"of Portia Munson's first NYC solo gallery show in 1994. Her Pink Project was first seen in the "Bad Girls" show at the New Museum in 1993.
SO YEAH I WENT TO GERMANY!
Ghost will air this month, taking over Rooftop Prince‘s time slot.
Step Two – Strategic Direction
Folks from all over the country, and even around the world, would be vying for the 1500 spaces in this popular and historic race. The Seven Mile Bridge is one of the world’s longest segmented bridges and is part of the famous Overseas Highway. The run is considered one of the most rare and scenic races in America since it takes place entirely over water.
The Secret Life of Maeve-Lee Kwong is a book that combines some of my favourite things: growing up, finding a sense of belonging, and sweet, first loves ( all of which are tainted, however, by the mournful note that flows throughout the book because of the death of Maeve's mother).
‘Querida’ Jason said, pulling me toward him, ‘let’s dance.’
I'm so thankful that it was a quick process, because I'm not sure I could have done it if it was any longer. I am still recovering from the "quickness" of it all. There was a little bit of tearing but nothing near as traumatic as the third degree episiotomy I got last time. My unknown on call Dr ended up being fantastic, and she allowed my body to work on its own without jumping to cut anything.
Winners will be revealed during the live broadcast from the Nokia Theater, L.A. Live on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2012 (9:00-11:00 PM, live ET/delayed PT) on the CBS Television Network.
Select Disney Value Resorts
Designed by Jay-Z?
1 highway
1. Place all ingredients into a disposable roasting pan and put either over the fire or onto the bbq and allow to slowly simmer for 1.5-2 hours, or until cooking liquid is syrupy turning the chicken occasionally in the liquid.
"Deal or No Deal. See that state?"
The response:'You're an adult you can cope with it....'
So, Felix just got back from the land of Oriana. It’s okay if we haven’t heard of it because they don’t even have an airport. Felix LMAO’s at his own damn joke and I wonder if this is going to happen often. Nobody likes the guy who laughs too hard at his own joke, FELIX. GOSH.
OAKLAND: ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports that Leniart has a visit scheduled to Oakland is likely to sign with the Raiders within the next week.
This is the beginning… the first set of questions to think about.
Cliff bar / Protein bar
Hamburger Helper. I made this a lot in college for my husband. He finally banned me from making it because it's the definition of crappy food. The problem is, it's so easy to make and includes your meat, starch, and vegetable (you have to add that in though) all in one skillet! I think my husband finally drew the line when I made Hamburger Helper Fettuccine Alfredo and it turned into a paste after 5 minutes. I guess I don't blame him- it was pretty gross.
It is not fair to categorize this man as a Jew hater for accepting an award from an organization that represents his heritage. Doing so takes a play right out of the Democrats' playbook, which will play very well into their hands in 2012.Doing so, exposes a terrible hypocrisy and severely cripples the GOP's chances of presenting a united front against an out of control government.
Along with the football tournament, the swimming event was the big winner of the 1924 Olympics. Importantly, the Piscine des Tourelles was the only venue that was specially built for the games, a revolutionary pool that was the first to limit the basin to 50m rather than the previously accepted 100m length for Olympic events, and with room for 10,000 spectators.
“You never try,” he voiced out casually even as he stared at her intently.
Perhaps some of the people signing this petition have considered these issues. Perhaps some are even prepared to see families homeless and begging on the street. But I doubt it. Like all such calls for punishment, there is rhetoric, without consideration of the effects.
Now when you are ready to eat. These do NOT work well in a microwave. They taste okay and it's hard to get them heated all the way through and they get a little soft. But the oven works wonderful. Preheat the oven to 350 and then cook for about 25 minutes.
For the past few years, I’ve been mulling paint, both watercolor and oil. Mulling is the process of dispersing pigment into a painting medium. This involves some elbow grease at times, since you’re breaking up larger glomerates of pigment into smaller glomerates. (Though mulling is often called grinding – slightly older terminology – you’re not actually grinding pigment particles into smaller pigment particles. With homemade pigments, though, there are some exceptions: for instance, there’s just only so fine I can grind eggshell white in a mortar and pestle; the fine grinding of that pigment happens with the muller.) Some pigments take longer and require more work, some less. The vermilion that I ground up recently was very quick and easy.
I don't hate you. I'm disappointed that things turned out this way. You're like a bad love affair. After the honeymoon with the iPhone, I'm stuck with a hotel bill that charged me too much for cocktails at the beach bar.
Smell: Kind of a mixture of things since I've been in the kitchen a lot today....sloppy joes, pot of tortellini soup, homemade sauce and meatballs, plus some chocolate trifle (because you can't forget dessert!). Each of these things smell great on their own, but it's an interesting smell when you get them all together! At least dinner's cooked for the next several days!
So, research (and a lot of youtube video watching) says that I should:
The Omphoy Ocean Resort in Palm Beach, FL, has surfing classes.
Here is another 6 petalled flower I made using paper from the paper pack Magnifique
been one of the highlights of my life and has brought me so very close to
The solution I’ve found, where it’s convenient anyway, is to tether the camera to a laptop. Most modern DSLR’s should be capable of being controlled remotely from a laptop and there’s a range of freeware out there to help you along. For this example I’m using Sofortbild on a MacBook Pro tethered to my Nikon D7000.
Alright- off to work on the spelling stuff! Have a good Thursday!
One can argue that suffering is a necessary and unavoidable part of life. Through suffering, we grow, we become stronger, and we get more in touch with our inner being. Such a lovely counter argument, but does it in any way negate the original proposition? If one learns to better control one’s thoughts – which is the cause of suffering, wouldn’t that increase one’s happiness? This is obviously a typical debate in which no one will be right or wrong, but where the one who argues more strongly will triumph.
04. A Dazzling Display
Keepin it Classy in 2010 ;)
I know no one who is entirely happy.
” Vickie, Happy Pearl Harbor Day! Love, Grandma and Grandpa”
If you have purchased a Wii game console one of the top ways to save money is to rip them. If you wish to know how to copy Wii games, this can be accomplished by utilizing a software program that burns replicas of your original games for backup and simultaneously, decrypts them. Many people think that it is not legal to do this; however, this could not be further from fact. It is not only lawful, but highly recommended.
That's what Brooklyn Eagle paperboy Jimmy Bozart did, back in the good old days of the 20th century, when the Soviet Union was our enemy. Bozart was collecting his subscription money one evening in 1953 in Brownsville, Brooklyn, when he came upon a strange coin. Upon dropping the nickel on the ground, it split open, and inside was contained a small piece of paper with some sort of numerical code on it. Rather than writing it off as a curiosity, he took it to the police, who in turn gave it to the feds. With the help of an ex-KGB man who had defected to the U.S., they were able to crack the code, as well as bust a Soviet spy operating right here in Brooklyn, Rudolf Abel. Abel had kept a studio right on Fulton Street in Downtown Brooklyn.
Richard and Linda Thompson - I Want To See The Bright Lights Tonight - 1974
This is the first major hurtle facing publishers and developers alike next generation. A problem that will be extremely hard to remedy. It is a problem being faced not only on physical disk, but downloadable titles and even mobile games.
Yet I suspected that was not the usual case. So I analyzed traffic to this site, and found that less than 1% of you reading this came because you were searching for a recording I have posted. Chances are, you are coming here to glean a near-CD quality recording of an album, and perhaps an artist, new to you. Therefore as I continue digitizing my vinyl collection, unless I have seen a high bit rate copy posted on another blog recently, I'll post my records for you, with due respect to other bloggers that have similar tastes and longer history.
You will notice a round white hole in the center of the blood print. This round white hole is polymerized protein from the breakdown tissues of the reproductive organs as in a male prostate or a female uterus.
News and views of Constance Cumbey concerning "Radical Middle", New Age Movement, Communitarianism, "planetary humanism," "global governance," European Union, Javier Solana, Jeremy Rifkin, "New Age Politics," law in the USA, combined with life in general -- sometimes humorous, sometimes not!
My Babushka’s Split Pea Soup
And other stories . . .
I completed the course over a week, but did not receive my final documents.
What I have reevaluated through all of this though is the conversation we're having which should be about euthanizing too early NOT about suffering. Pain doesn't go with you when you pass so holding on a couple of more days just to be sure is not unusually or unnecessarily cruel.
Some examples of “Plamen-inspired” paintings and drawings are below:
SHARON: I don’t know what this world’s coming to. That furniture shop in Croydon. Those poor people. How are they going to rebuild their lives? That’s their livelihood gone up in flames. And the flames! The firemen didn’t have a chance of putting it out. Carly’s man’s a fireman. Gorgeous brown eyes. Lucky he don’t work in Croydon. Wouldn’t have wanted to be Carly watching that on telly, worried about her man.
I do plan on taking the time to realllly read the Lucy Calkin's Reading Workshop and Writing Workshop books. I've read a lot of the Reading one, but I really want to understand it for next year.
While my pair of crows seem to live and nest in my backyard — although I can’t find the nest — they seem to be alone. Other breeding pairs usually have young offspring and family members who help with the nest and the nestlings. But my pair, larger this year than last, seem to be on their own.
Then off we went, including the dogs, in the rental car to visit the Crazy Horse Memorial. I had done some research online that indicated the Crazy Horse Memorial was pet-friendly. Unfortunately, it wasn't as pet friendly as I had thought or hoped and it was too hot to leave the dogs in the car. Nor could we take them inside the Welcome Center or the Museum. So Lynda and I took turns staying with Sydney and Barley under a shade tree in the parking lot while the other person went inside for about 45 minutes. It was the best we could do under the circumstances, but I wish we could have toured the place together and taken a great deal more time to look at the exhibits.
When Ali Soufan (former FBI interrogator) spoke about the uses of torture that backfire, fail to get useful information, risk the safety of soldiers, violate the laws and stain the reputation of the U.S., he can back it up with book-length details. Soufan’s New York Times op-ed was an eye-opener but the present situation is still festering and exhibiting prevarication. Extensive reporting is still needed on this subject.
I Am Nujood, Age 10 and Divorced – Nujood Ali
Spend any time in blame
I don't usually do a lot of family pictures but this is a picture of my oldest granddaughter, Rachel. She is fourteen. I had to work this weekend so we could not have all the little ones over. As she and her Papa can fend for themselves, she came alone.
Obviously I’m only telling you this cautionary tale as an excuse to play not one but two versions of the song. One by NWA, the other an acoustic version by Nina Gordon. Both very different, both very potty mouthed.
Yellow cake with chocolate buttercream (do the same with chocolate cake)
The frame is a stamped image onto card, cut out with scissors. I frayed the inside edges before sprinkling on a layer of clear embossing powder. To finish, I daubed on some white acrylic paint to soften the colour.
We turned to Bill for the right words to help us through this difficult situation.
US Senator Roy Wyden, after his visit to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant on 6 April, 2012, issued a press release on 16 April, pointing out the catastrophic risk of Fukushima Daiichi Unit 4, calling for urgent US government intervention. Senator Wyden also sent a letter to Ichiro Fujisaki, Japan’s Ambassador to the United States, requesting Japan to accept international assistance to tackle the crisis.
He caught Riley with a powerful punch which absolutely rocked the fellow former football player, and then pounced on him with strong ground and pound to put a very exciting end to their bout early in the 3rd.
Those latest were an example of how ridiculous the “Reality” syndication has gotten. The American people are so bored that they base their work schedules, household chores and sleep-times on these false depictions of other families and their issues of love, lust, failure and total y of a family. And because of this, the networks are taking full advantage of boob-tube aficionados lack of exploratory learning that they are pumping out reality shows whichever way you look. The networks have gone so extreme within their false sense of reality, that they have seceded to showing wars on meter maids, wars on hog tying and “real” life families or friends living together attempting to live a life of self-prophecy and of pure laziness and self-absorption. What these networks are actually doing, if you think about it, is trying to show the normal everyday working class of America that even washed-up and current famous people have their own family and life problems. when in reality those families and friends have attempted and failed at making it into the stardom role through natural talent, and what better way to get into that role then to show what every American wants to see; An individual who cries and whines about every little thing, an individual (mostly the teens and early adulthood ones) that is hand-fed their financial success, and degenerative excuses for why their lives are so difficult.
Then I felt a little bit brave. I moved my desk chair to the middle of the room. I spun myself around several times. After I got over the dizziness I stood up and tried to find my way in the dark. Usually I can get around my house without thinking about it, because I know what’s where. But making my way while blindfolded was not as easy as you might think. What made it hard?
Handmade soft cozy print flannel inner and outer lining with PUL (waterproof 1 milimeter
Listen to the Word of God in the following scripture readings:
Still, at night there is the advantage that you can see the hazards ahead which can be well concealed by the crowds in the daytime, so we navigated the street without incident and reached the site of the bar.
(Sorry, I had to borrow those last two pictures from Google because I forgot to take my own in the stores. Oops.)
I have possibly gone a little overboard with the photos but I wanted this to be as clear as possible for you lovelies.
A consensus with the press
Chris bought me a Nook Color for Christmas. Of course he would not allow me to use it until he had properly rooted it so for the past 7 months I've had my own low-cost Android Tablet.
10. Key Management – Does the MFT include management tools for creating, importing and exporting keys and certificates?
The yeasty Blanche de Chambly ale on lees played well with the cheese. The bubbly, golden beer pops with flavors, and it is the citrus flavor in the beer that really worked well with the grassy notes of the cheese. A nice pairing to have as we head into winter, together they remind one of a bright spring day. I’ll have to remember that in February, when winter seems never ending.
The words at the beginning of the post were spoken by an elderly gentleman about halfway through the TED video below. He articulates my thoughts so much better than I ever will. He speaks around the middle of the video. Best I shut up and hand over to him, I think. I’ll just stand aside and applaud.
Chiropractor
But then rather than offer an olive branch to customers lost or currently on the fence, which would have been the most logical thing to do, it seems they completely panicked and lost the plot. Hastings went on to announce that he was breaking Netflix into two companies; renaming the DVD-by-mail service to Qwikster and keeping Netflix for online streaming and gaming.
The scenes of Caravaggio at work are crisply edited, built around exchanges of glances: Caravaggio works in this film by arranging tableaux of living models who perfectly hold the poses of his paintings while he stares at them. The painter spends more time looking, observing, than he does actually putting brush to canvas — so much so that in one scene, after Caravaggio has spent seemingly endless minutes looking at the scene he's arranged, Del Monte bursts out laughing when the painter finally, tentatively, touches his brush to the painting to adjust a minor detail. Jarman, one of the most visual of filmmakers, clearly possesses this same painterly sensibility: the instinct to look, to stare intently, to soak up every detail of a scene before finally attempting to capture its essence. In the scenes of Caravaggio painting, Jarman cuts methodically between the painter and the models, who sometimes meet his gaze, sometimes look away as dictated by their pose. Implicit in this exchange of looks is also the painter's eroticizing of his subjects, a homoerotic desire that shows through even in paintings where Caravaggio has transformed a worldly young man into a pouty, cherubic angel or warrior saint. Jarman aligns himself with the painter in this by populating his film with pretty young men who are as much subjects of the filmmaker's appreciative gaze as they are of the painter's brush: it is one more way in which Jarman seems to be telling his own story as much as Caravaggio's.
"Earth Mother" Original painting
Many, many more than we can list and the team at Now Training are ever poised ready to offer you the best training at the best prices the market has to offer. We don’t want our customers to spend their valuable time surfing the ocean of offers, that’s our job, so if you are looking to book training let us tell you what offers we have waiting for you; just call us on 01920 460211 or email Rachel at: Rachelc@nowtraining.co.uk
He’s got a fantastic profile of the tragic yet encouraging story of Eric LeGrand.
Ryan & AJ's lunches: Spongebob macaroni w/Daiya cheese in a Thermos; raspberries; mini banana apple blueberry muffin; meatless meatballs; blanched spinach w/shoyu.
(8) Can temporary acts of reproduction constitute an “integral and essential part of a technological process” where they consist of printing out part of the reproduction, comprising one or more text extracts of 11 words?
Finding your way in the world can be a challenge. Regardless of whether you have big or small dreams life would be boring if we never aimed to achieve anything at all. I guess I’m one of those people with big dreams.. Which are yet to be fulfilled.
I'm sitting here looking at my calendar and as of now, my weekends are pretty much booked SOLID between now and the beginning of July. Yes, JULY. If you can swing a weekday session, I *can* do that...but weekends are obviously the most popular choice for family sessions.
-To boil the dumplings, gently lower them into a pot of boiling water.
Life with Kerri hopes all the Moms had a wonderful Mother's Day too!
It ought to make you proud.
- In Victoria Australia, only a licensed electrician is allowed to change a lightbulb.
I am not defined by the person people see when they look at me. I am defined by the way I have lived my life, the decisions and mistakes I’ve made, the consequences I have lived through and the way I have handled the hurdles life has thrown my way.
* Visited the sitter for 2 days!
Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Mat 6:25-34
( I found printible on the web)
Phil smacked the spider with a book. When he removed the book the dazed spider put on a burst of speed, closing the distance to Elizabeth.
(older unfinished)
It just hurts.
25 Double-Unders
I was just listening to some songs on Youtube the other day, and I happened to think of a song I had not heard in a while, so I checked it out once again. R. Kelly's "Real Talk" is a VERY funny song.
4.YOU'RE CAPABLE. If adults identify special abilities in children, they'll feel capable of making good decisions for themselves.
We spent some time - nearly the whole day - with my sister Rachel and her family, on Saturday. Scott was helping to assemble a rather simple but large play-yard for their three girls. This has been an ongoing project for quite some time for my BIL, and the fam, and to be sure, quite a bit of "redneckin'" goes along to show. It's all good. I'm so grateful for their safety. And that the pending rain storm held off.
NOT MY RIP! Thanks to original uploader
* For me an example of relational understanding in mathematics would be my visual understanding of geometry and the knowledge that the use of a ruler and a compass will allow me to draw objects in euclidean geometry. This is a relational understanding because it is fundamentally what the original philosophers thought of when they constructed the system. The ancient Greek people did not condone the use of abstract thought as it exists today.
In our dining room, we have a cabinet full of the classics. I’m sure you’ll recognise a few of them. I haven’t read that many, but I shall make it my mission to start working through them all. I promise.
Over low speed add baking powder, salt and flour and mix until it comes together.
To help celebrate MFT today, I wanted to share a fun project that I have been meaning to blog for a LONG time now. I actually made this project for the (gasp!) November release and am just now sharing it! Seriously, how is it January already?!
May you experience this amazing agape love in your life today.
Weakness: Nearly 40 percent of VCU’s field goal attempts are three-pointers. That’s a lot. The Rams live by the three and die by the three. That’s a dangerous way to live. It worked very well for them in the tournament last year, but that was last year. This is a new group with an unrealistic set of expectations. I’m not sure history will repeat itself.
and then adding butter to dough next day. I used butter instead of oil specified in the original recipe. It was fun. This procedure is called laminating the dough which is unique for puff pastries. I made the dough Saturday and made croissant Sunday and Monday.
If the woman is married, the resultant child will legally be that of her husband even if it is confirmed that the sperm used was not that of her husband.
Remember when I said, "SO many ideas....so little time"? Well, I wasn't kidding. When I sat down to work on scheduling the next month's stamp camps, I had a hard time choosing what to share first. Here are the ones that made the "cut" for February and March. I hope you can come and join me for some exciting, new stampin' fun.
Thomas Gabriel: On your tombstone it should read, “Always in the wrong place at the wrong time”.
Here's what it looks like after a few rows of stitching:
Of course, my whole analysis might turn out to be completely wrong.
The best strategy in this case is to create a very strong opposition exerting accountability, until this unusual composite will melt.
Here we have another part of the kitchen that has always bothered me. The previous owners tried to turn this place into a bed and breakfast. They failed. But they had little "themes" going on all over the house. One of these themes was nautical (I guess.) Several rooms in the house have stuff like this little railing piece (for lack of a better word coming into my head.) You see it? That wood "railing" thing on top of the cupboard? Well, it was on all of the tops of the cupboards:
This year is flying by, isn’t it? It’s one of life’s little ironies that time speeds up when we get older and have a better appreciation of how precious it is.
after the curtains fell
On the second day, it was out of the box and fully charged, our first call came in and we all jumped! The phone was talking to us! It told us, loudly, who was calling and what the number was. hahaha We certainly weren’t prepared for that. Needless to say, it’s been turned off.
009.037 YUSUFALI: Verily the transposing (of a prohibited month) is an addition to Unbelief: the Unbelievers are led to wrong thereby: for they make it lawful one year, and forbidden another year, in order to adjust the number of months forbidden by Allah and make such forbidden ones lawful. The evil of their course seems pleasing to them. But Allah guideth not those who reject Faith.
So, she met Mr. Homophobia and they're living happily ever after.
One of my most memorable was a four-hour bus ride in Vietnam where my friend and I chatted with three middle-aged Israelis who told us amusing stories about serving in the Israeli army, explained the Hebrew alphabet, and bought us ice-cream.
Would the mayor more likely send his message to Brookfield through Ms. Taylor rather than risk sending such a politically charged message through his staff? That question has now been directly addressed by the Times. The mayor says, `nope.’ Matt Flegenheimer, the Times reporter who wrote the Bonnie and Clyde dog story, has written about Occupy Wall Street twice. One story was about how there is a flood of tourists going to visit Occupy Wall Street who are confused when they go to Wall Street itself without realizing that they, instead need to go to nearby Zucotti Park. His more recent story (one version of it with a shared byline) covers a news conference where the issue of teamwork with Ms. Taylor was raised:
When you meet with prospective photographers ask them about including an engagement portrait session in your contract -- how much it will cost, how many prints you get and what they will cost and when he or she recommends doing them. You also want to see some of the engagement portrait sessions they’ve shot.
The camaraderie between Shaggy and Scooby Doo is best illustrated by their dining arrangements. They are both perpetually afflicted by ravenous hunger and highly susceptible to bribery with food. But contrary to the norms of human-pet interaction, there is no distinction between them in either the mode of eating or the type of food accepted. Scooby Doo will happily devour any sandwiches and cakes that are placed in his path, and Shaggy does not try to claim first right to them as a human. Similarly, Shaggy will gratefully swallow any “Scooby-snacks” that are thrown in his direction, even though these dog-biscuits were designed to suit the tastes of his canine friend.
nah..this was alot of tinkle! I felt kinda blown off!! SO yesterday on Wed....the teacher says she feels guilty about Monday and is so so sorry that Madie was soaked like that and that they dont keep her in her chair at all times and that she is part of the class, shes a huge priority etc etc etc..super humble apology. I wanted to cry..My Girl cant tell anyone that she is uncomfortable..she doesnt understand and cant tell me what happens in her day...she cant tell anyone that her bottom is wet. She just sits in it. Your guess is as good as mine about what went on that day...but they sure were humble in apologizing about it which kinda blew me back after Tuesdays explanation.
Reich: that’s fine but government won’t be
Still, I can't help but think about my next life, the one I plan on having when the days of child rearing and dodging the cookie cutter suburban mindset that acts as my own personal quicksand is behind me. I have noticed that I tend to look backwards when planning to go forward, so I know I'll reach for what brings me joy, comfort and a feeling of home and belonging. My parents adapted very well to the US, I obviously love this country but I've never had the strong urge to stay here. I can't think of anything better than a life filled with afternoon matés on a pretty balcony in BA, nighttime tango bars and trips to Mendoza, Mar de Plata and Patagonia. I love Argentina, the thought of making my way back there makes me happy, walking the streets lends me a familiar feeling of childhood times surrounded by my family, the vibe haunts the cities and envelops me with warmth. Since today my song challenge is to post a song that makes me happy, I can only contribute a video that I love, because this is what Buenos Aires sounds like …. one day it will be my new life, where I can keep only what I want from this one and go on my merry way. How can that make me feel anything but utterly thrilled?
solidarity......
-Make sure your stamp and spoon do not move when you are hammering. Notice the letters on my spoon are a little "smeared". That is because the stamp and/or spoon moved when I was stamping it.
A pretty good hit rate for the one frame….Apart from the missing Gherkin, all we really need is a telephone box giving details of a fat blonde offering ‘French’ lessons and we’d have all the bases covered.
Gert E. Schuitemaker, Ph.D. (Netherlands)
The 2010, annual Oregon Death with Dignity report was recently released.
On the lighter side of things, apparently you and I are working hard right now to help re-elect President Barack Obama, donating millions through taxes to his campaign to help transport security vehicles, armored limousines, and communications gear into cities ahead of his various campaign appearances. President Obama has decided to fly around the nation giving speech after speech instead of working hard to rebuild our economy, right-size government, lower the deficit, bring efficiency to operations, root out waste and fraud, and working to strike the compromises and deals needed to reform our bankrupt entitlement programs- and you're gonna pay for it.
I do remember spending a lot of time as a kid either trying to step on a crack or not stepping on crack depending on if I was mad at my mom at the time. LOL. You have to remember that game " Step on a crack and break your mothers back" The game came a halt one day when a friend of mine stepped on a crack and that afternoon her mom hurt her back. Looking back on as an adult I see where the two had nothing to do with the other but as a kid it scared me to death.
As the winter dying is the unavoidable road to spring, our current mystery and pain will eventually join with now unseen paths. Meaning, understanding, clarity -- they await our current trust, but maybe not until the other side of eternity. It might not be safe. And it will definitely not be boring.
That close proximity and the way it was found so early in astronomers' search for habitable planets hints to scientists that planets like Earth are probably not that rare.
So she isolated herself from boys to become independent and learn how to love herself. About a year went by, and this new young defined now 17 year old young lady was set out into the unpredictable world.
Qualification: Any Graduation
“The motivation has been that other states have been establishing these repositories and Colorado should have done this long ago,” he said. “If you’re going to get hit with something that big, you might as well take some credit for it.”
"..praised Top Gear Presenter and Sunday Times Columnist Jeremy Clarkson."
We still have to pick-up a few things for the chili cook-off Saturday, and it's supposed to rain. Oh well- welcome to my world! Wish me luck- I'm cooking my Wicked White Chili.. 3 1st place trophies in three years at this one!
15.Git It
Birdcage restaurant opens from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. They offer breakfast everyday from Monday through Sunday. They also have a High Tea. On Sundays they offer desserts for Rp. 25,000 ($2.5) each for High Tea. On Mondays and Tuesdays, a course dinner with selected appetizer, main dish, dessert and ice tea is available for Rp. 80,000 ($9). For everyday lunch, selected main dish with ice tea is available for Rp. 50,000 ($5.5). This selected lunch set menu is available from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Leaning back the only thing remaining supported is the head.
There are a number of things that new tenants usually discover soon after signing a lease — pipes that leak, mice in the walls, noisy neighbors, angry ghosts that haunt the premises. A family in New Jersey is suing their landlord over one of these reasons… take a guess which one it is.
She clutched the phone to her and wept with joy. Oh yes. Hell yes. She would follow through. She would follow him to the ends of the earth. Then, startled out of her revelry, she looked at her ringing phone. It was the same number, calling. She smiled as she hit the green button….
Carolyn More, William Morris Goes Aussie
I thought that Fever had a much faster pace than Wither. There is never a dull moment as Rhine flits from one danger to the next in her quest to reach her home in Manhattan and reunite with her twin brother Rowan. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time and wasn’t sure what was worse living a lie as Linden’s wife? Or acting as Madams puppet in her Carnival? Both lifestyles are equally as shocking and horrendous and I love that about Lauren DeStefano’s books, how she doesn’t shy away from tough topics. Whereas in book one we got to look at life as a bride this book takes a look into life as a prostitute which was as equally harrowing yet fascinating to read about. Although controversial topics, I think they add an extra layer of horror to the books and because of that make this future in particular one of the bleakest and cruellest I’ve read in dystopian fiction.
The sound of the explosion around 8am prompted a flood of calls to law enforcement agencies on both sides of the Sierra Nevada in the two states.
Have you seen a change in their lives?
I tried for three years to get pregnant. Three very long years during which it seemed like I kept ClearBlue in business - each month I would pee on the little stick and spend a few minutes wishing before binning the inevitably negative result. We both had fertility tests and many long talks about what we would do if it never happened for us, "it" being the magical positive result. When the day came that I did my by then routine test and it actually popped up positive I was stunned, my husband and I just stood in the kitchen hugging each other and crying because those three long years were finally over.
In conclusion, I think it’s safe to say that the global headlines of death and destruction serve a more nefarious purpose of generating liquid assets and irrational fear, than is warranted by the extant situation. Furthermore, the people in the affected areas have, at some level, made conscious choices to live with the risks, just as I have. Disasters, such as tidal waves and volcanoes, touch a primal nerve in most people, and so make for good copy that sells papers and draws viewers. In relation to how folks are reacting locally, the 72-point banner headlines worldwide are nothing short of sensationalism and hyperbole. I am convinced that there is a cadre of paper-pushers salivating at the prospects of bags of aid money.
And the old man is calling his sheep from the point on a table where the kitchen fork etched a circle
I intend for both blogs to be kept in their very own blogspheres but for one day only I am sharing the same post.
You know, give her a sincere compliment – tell her you like her outfit, tell her how well-mannered her kids are, or tell her what a great job she’s been doing in general. And, if she does something that makes you want to pass judgment, DON’T! Bite your tongue, take a deep breath, and realize that the things other people do, in the grand scheme of things, have NO effect on your life UNLESS YOU ALLOW THEM TO!
IBU 100 (estimated from recipe calculator, nowhere near this amount)
Knowing your district is VITAL to succesful fireground operations. You may be the best hose stretcher, tactical officer, and firefighter around but if you do not get there all of those skills are for nothing. However knowing your district is not enough, you have to be very familiar with your second, third, and maybe even 4th due!
Phenomenologists are well aware of the close ties between self and place. In the early works of Beckett it’s quite easy to place the text in an Irish, frequently Dublin-based, setting. In Watt when Watt arrives by tram he alights at Harcourt Street Station in Dublin, from which he will take a second tram to Foxrock and then walks to Cooldrinagh, Beckett's family home, which was the model for Mr Knott’s house; none of the place names are mentioned but the action had to take place somewhere and that was where he was familiar with at the time. In the later works the sense of placelessness is much, much stronger. Where do Didi and Gogo wait for Godot, for example? Beckett may well have had a location in mind – possibly the high moorland south of Dublin – but that is pure conjecture and irrelevant; they could have waited anywhere.
On Bernanke’s reign at the Fed:
in two days, we will send the draft agenda
I'm very happy with Space Cadet! After wearing it, it has become one of my favorites. If you love duo-chromes or multi-chromes, then you'll love this. It's hard not to!
Eating fast food is a habit, but it is one that you can break? No doubt you rarely plan to have a delicious meal at Arby’s for dinner, a lingering lunch at Carl’s Jr. or a special breakfast at the Burger King in the airport. It just happens. You are late, tired, hungry, broke, or all of the above. You have no time, and you must find something to eat before you crash. All of a sudden a bright, friendly sign beckons from the side of the road: Drive-through!
* 1/4 tsp pepper
Forty years as a pageant, still unawares the lady of this teeming and
This week is Philly Beer week (or Billy Fear week as I like to call it) and my birthday. Do you think they knew that when they planned it? I bet they did.
Land Speeders can Deep Strike, which means that they can drop and get an “alpha” shot (that is, shoot before getting shot at.) As vehicles, that also can’t get bogged down in combat, lashed, or fall back. As vehicles, they also have natural resilience from being destroyed. As a skimmer, they are slightly more mobile than the Attack Bike.
JIMMY EAT WORLD-BLEED AMERICAN 3 X LP
so many things to let go of – if – it is the life for me…
Speaking of surprises, this lily just bloomed today in front of the garden shed. Gorgeous!
Thursday was a lot different. I picked up my New York Pass (a great way to save money) and all of a sudden, everything started making sense. I started the day by going to the top of Rockefeller Center. I took the NBC Studios tour and saw where Saturday Night Live is taped (if you look closely, you can still see tiny bits of Ashlee Simpson's shattered career in the corner of the stage). Radio City Music Hall tour was also interesting, even though we weren't allowed onto the stage. I had lunch at Planet Hollywood, next to some very famous movie costumes (Darth Vader, anyone?), went to Madame Tussaud's Museum and took a photo with Leonardo DiCaprio (finally!), did some shopping, and, in the evening, checked out the view from the top of the Empire State Building.
I feel like my spirit is broke. I sit and think...I wonder what the last thing my mom ate was. I hope it was something good. I stayed at her house, once hubby and the kids arrived. I thought I would be OK, but I was wrong. Being in it, was fine...but seeing her coffee cup, bowl of sugar and spoon on the counter, set me off. She always sets it out the night before by the stove and her kettle. She had made a grocery list, it was sitting on the counter, waiting. I think I am still in denial that she'll never do these things again....
3. Add the cocoa, sugar, vanilla, salt and oil to the food processor and continue to process until well blended, about 1 minute. The finished spread should have the consistency of creamy peanut butter; if it is too dry, process in a little extra hazelnut oil until the desired consistency is achieved. Remove to a container, cover and refrigerate until needed. Allow the spread to come to room temperature before using, as it thickens considerably when refrigerated. It will keep for at least a week.
If you are operating a home business, efficiency is one of the secrets to success. When you run your own business from home and you’re a one-person team, you’ve got lots of tasks that you need to execute yourself. From time to time, however, when you get to do those tasks is dictated by the needs of your business. So occasionally, you will find that business is slow and there are times when business is so frenzied you can hardly keep up. When business is slow, it’s important that you utilize those down times productively.
Let me just say: WOOOOO HOOOOO!!!!
HOW COULD THEY COVER UP A MASS KILLING OF THIS SCOPE?
the whisper your health
Eventually our candles are whispered out by the breeze of time.
They are at the age where they are changing and looking so grown up. All the sudden we can start to see what they will look like when they are teenagers.
So have a listen and have some revolution in your life. Happy May Day.
Here's the veggie seeds....
1) Put the chopped apple in a pan with the honey, and add a little water until the apple is just covered.
They know there is something wrong. They know it has something to do with Wall Street and Washington.
Another Arsenal player slams one in.
‘And then when she was on board, I had to stop her from rolling off the trolley, and lighting cigarettes, and throwing the contents of her bag about.’
COINCIDENCES: Gregg Araki’s Splendor & this movie were watched within a week, and both had people going to the hotel room 333 (half of 666!).
22a.Ing! O
This is what Mandelbrot, and all the other mathematicians of the time, set out to do, find simple mathematical laws which describe the seemingly random branching of trees and fingerprints on hands, and they found that they are deterministic, but very sensitive, and could be influenced by just the tiniest change in conditions. The only reason why we haven’t yet found a mathematical sum to predict the weather, is because it is very, very, very complex.
Day 5 - Feb 5
Among the weeds I found the first eggplant. About time, I have had my fill of squash so it will be nice to give something else a try. Last year we didn't grow eggplant so I am not sure what to expect as far as how fast it grows. According to Wikipedia 20 pounds of eggplant has the same amount of nicotine as a cigarette so I need to build a huge drying rack if I am ever gonna a get a smoke out of these things.
July 17, 2011
Pork belly is a surprisingly cheap cut of meat and don't worry about the fat.. It all cooks off after about 3 hours in the oven, so you are left with a very tender and lean piece of meat. Tom used this recipe (Oh Jamie, where would we be without you?)
Strengths: Super tracking abilities. No human can hide for long.
anybody want to join us? we have nine more weeks to go. have some weight loss fun (okay. i’m stretching the truth…). get some accountability. get some motivation. send me a comment or find me on facebook and we’ll get you signed up.
Geoffrey: Well, I can always try.Barbara ... Babs ... Missy ... Sally – don't get me wrong – my sympathies are with you in the grand scheme of this little Warner Brothers drama. But your crazy, murderous, obnoxious, implacable husband is right, here: If you're an artist – heck, even if you're not an artist, but merely a person of integrity – you can't shove something out, to which you feel no sense of attachment or commitment, on the hope or assumption that no one will recognize its inauthenticity or feel its counterfeitness and that people will clamour to buy it, blinded by its slick, shiny veneer.
In Boston, protesters set up an encampment across the street from the Federal Reserve Building.
Jormungand ep. 3
If you’re planning to ingest the salad immediately, mix everything up and serve. If you’re not quite ready to serve, mix all vegetables and cranberries, but wait on the Feta and the dressing (and croutons, if you intend to use them). The Feta is salty and will drain water out of the veggies and into the salad bowl, the dressing will make everything soggy eventually, especially the croutons.
“It woke me up. I heard a woman in my building scream. It lasted several seconds,” said a resident in nearby Oakland, located across San Francisco Bay. The resident said it was still dark when the quake hit.
The issue of Palestine is central to the Muslim ummah and now that the masses have spoken, there is no doubt that it will be back to the forefront.
I don't think about such things. I just try to have everything as simple as possible, I hate to complicate things. If my music ever gets innovating that's just a great thing. I don't care though. I'm happy about the 50 people who bought my album already in Iceland. The music will probably never get big in any way.
And this one squash concoction show with confidence the versatility of this incredible veggie: that you can make a wholesome dinengdeng by combining one and/or all of its flower, tops, leaves, tendrils, stalks--young and tender ones, of course--and fruit, into one complete sumptuous Ilokano delicacy.
Ink: Versamark, Real Red
gave her boyfriend a hell of a fright.
In my next post I will have a short post on what to do when in spite of your above knowledge, you find yourself in the talons (via a tango embrace) of a vulture, and why an understanding of tango etiquette adds another layer of protection against the Tango Vulture.
South Africa was uniquely singled out for criticism. Not a word was said about the enslavement of the Pygmies in the Central African republics, yet the public yelled "Apartheid!" every time an Afrikaner showed up at an international event. The Chinese occupation of Tibet concerned no one, but the South African treatment of nonwhites --who enjoyed freedoms Tibetans could never dream of, either then or now-- was severely chastised.
7. You don’t have to love it. I’m the first audience that needs to be pleased.
So as I leave this place in a mere 72 hours, I look solely to God, knowing His goodness. God is good all of the time and I know that He brought me here and He guided my hand and He is guiding me even know as I write this piece. And I am reminded of a saying that my mom used to say:
“Good idea!” I said. It was blustery and cold. Soaking in the hot tub sounded like fun.
I’ve confessed my paper addiction before. It’s not getting any better. I wasn’t even looking for paper when I walked past the paper stack section at Michaels and Recollections “Fashionably Chic” jumped off the shelf at me. Practically attacked me. It did!
and/or a bit of ROTEL or regular DICED TOMATOES for more tomato taste
The background on this tag is from 'left-overs' on another card I will post soon. If you are curious now, you can take a peek at how I made it *HERE*
Breakfast - Scrambled eggs, hash brown casserole, bacon
cube
“Oh, my dear boy, one mustn’t expect gratitude. It’s a thing that no one has a right to. After all, you do good because it gives you pleasure. It’s the purest form of happiness there is. To expect thanks for it is really asking too much. If you get it, well, it’s like a bonus on shares on which you’ve already received a dividend; it’s grand, but you mustn’t look upon it as your due.
Verdict: Hmm… (change to pass if you only/mostly hold the iPad sideways).
Fast forward to a contest. I got out my ms and started to read in hopes of polishing it into a winning submission. Gasp! I wrote that? It’s littered with infomation dumps, saidisms, head hopping.. good gracious no wonder all I got were reject letters.
People go to midnight mass - I am a little tipsy and write long emails to people I care about - reading them back a few days later reminds me that I should not drink and type. Oh I agree with the sentiment but oh gosh some of the emails were cripplingly embarrassing!
Now let me preface this by saying I always cheat at things like this and never follow the rules! :)
National Council of Kurdish is ready to enter into a dialogue with us at this stage, and will not be dialogue only after their next convention, and it will be after two or three weeks.
Maureen Stearns--an author, parent, and educator living in St. Petersburg, Florida--has been teaching struggling learners for over 20 years. She holds both Exceptional Student Education and Community Psychology Degrees. She recently wrote Multiply and Divide with Sticks and Steps®: Teach this Easy Method in Just 5 Minutes, to help students conquer this stumbling block.
Bulimia is rearing it’s ugly head again. Bite. Chew. Swallow. Stick fingers down throat. Repeat. Then the inbetweens where I fall apart. Can’t eat. Won’t eat. Can’t drink. Won’t drink. I have a cupboard full of medications I’m supposed to swallow down; supplements, things to make my mood not fall to the end of the earth. Things to make me sleep. I swallow the main ones; the anti depressant & the sleeping pills. Everything else seems to expensive to have it come straight back up.
So I would go back home, give my mum a hard time about not having any 'cotton wool' bread or Frey Bentos pies in the house, slam a few doors, and run up a huge phone bill.
Much smoke over at on old post of mine called ‘Milbank in the Monstrosity of Christ‘. A certain Alasdair Maclagan is making some rather large claims for the way radical orthodoxy, blue labour and red toryism are about to change the world – well, at least England, which is certainly not the same thing, although some seem to think so. Even moles within the good old conservatives, which will soon rule that sodden patch of ground, are in on the act – of destroying liberalism and replacing it with the long-awaited golden age. Add the pope and we’re really into something, it seems. However, when I clicked on the edit function in the WordPress thingy I noticed something strange. You see, to make a comment on WordPress (for those of you not in the know), you need to add a name and an email address. And the address connected to the name of Alasdair Maclagan is:
There is more than just one theory to how the moon was formed. The most common and accepted is that another, large object, roughly the size of Mars (named Thea), impacted the Earth before it completely formed, swiping part of Earth off as well as obliterating itself and later, due to Earth’s gravity, formed as Earth’s very own satellite. It’s not set in stone that this is how this happened, after all we were not there when it happened, approximately 4.5 billion years ago. We may never know how our celestial companion came to be; however, there is no doubting her influence on our planet.
Okay, for you folks who have not had the “pleasure” of buying a new car lately let me bring you up to speed on what is soon to be standard on both new imports and domestic cars. When my wife and I were going through the motions on our recent car purchase, we learned that to reduce the weight of cars to help increase gas mileage the entire industry was eliminating even the temporary spare tire for a small kit that essentially is a can of “Fix a Flat” on steroids.
Some stories you can never be certain of.
I have SO dreaded transitioning Miley and Irelyn from cribs to beds. The girls have never tried getting out of their cribs, but now potty training at night has become a bit more tricky. The girls are fully potty trained at day, but at night only Miley is potty trained. Irelyn has a way to go. My fear though is that Miley won't be able to go to the bathroom at night if needed when stuck in her crib. It hasn't been a problem yet, because she holds it all night, but I wonder about the future. Thus, the transition began.
I'm not even sure which class this goes with - it's kindof a morph of a few different lessons. First, I brought in the rays/background image, filled it with a gradient blue-green color (I even learned -- all by myself -- you can change the direction of the shading. Sweet.) Then I changed it to only print, not cut, but I drew a box around it and had THAT cut.
Extending this further, can Malaysians handle discussing problems of a sensitive nature (not just apostasy) rationally and resolve them together? At a Malaysian student conference I attended recently we touched on some of these issues. At the conference a speaker jokingly asked “Malaysia boleh…ke?’ I left that conference thinking ‘boleeeh!’
'Your offending is of the utmost seriousness,' said Judge Dean.
What I didn't think about is what it would look like. Note to self: THINK ABOUT THIS KIND OF THING, YOU DUMBASS.
For example, how could the Heritage Minister, through the Arts Council, ensure that this is supported by the Welsh Government. Could those in charge of BBC Wales consider how they could use their vast expertise and facilities to support such a concept?
With over 50 goals scored, the story of this series has been the struggling goal minders in net and their ability to remain confident. The outcome of every game was decided on them, and saturday, Bryzgalov was the shutdown goalie, eliminating the Pittsburgh Penguins from the playoffs. Bryzgalov allowed 20 goals in the first five games, 10 of them in game 5, but settled down in Game 6 and gave up only Evgeni Malkin’s goal in the second period.
mission figs, and marinated artichoke hearts pared in several
Did Lush Cosmetics go too far?
Andres Iniesta sent Messi clear into Malaga’s half, and the Argentina forward chipped onrushing goalkeeper Carlos Kameni before slotting the ball into the open net to set the record.
If I ever wonder whether going into the arts was the right thing to do I only have to have a day like today to fill my heart. Superb stuff. the creativity of others is a joy to behold and an honour to mould. In relation to my earlier community theatre blog it’s worth noting that amoungst the twelve performers in the company 2 of them have special needs, 2 have dyslexia and dispraxia, 2 have English as a second language and 2 are over 60 years of age. Enrichment galore.
But I can’t write that post. I can’t say any of that.
All in all its been completely insane yet wonderful and I am really loving Raleigh (not the getting lost part)
There really is no way to "return" to the 1967 borders. This is a lefty/Jew-hating/jihadi Nazi fantasy. It's Judenhaas masturbation in a way.
* Creates light, medium and heavy armor for Force users.
More importantly, they argue, mother-tongue instruction could jeopardize national unity in a country with less than a decade of self-rule and a history of bloody flare-ups derived from regional factionalism.
*be newly created following the current challenge guidelines
Last week Noah and my nephew, Bennett stayed with me while the rest of the boys stayed with my brother and sister-in-law. I was having a lazy morning, reading in bed, when I overheard this conversation:
Fitted classic jacket?
IFSPF Blog (ifspfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
When producers drop age statements from their labels, they always swear the product is still as old as it used to be but that inevitably changes. So if you see a bottle of Weller Special Reserve that says '7 years in wood,' buy it, because the new ones don't say that.
It has been about six months now since Star Wars: the Old Republic hit the internet, and it seems to be largely responsible for the huge employment cuts that Blizzard, the creators of World of Warcraft, have had to make. Gamers by the tens of thousand (or more) are moving over from World of Warcraft to The Old Republic, not because Warcraft isn’t any good, but because it has basically been the same for years and many gamers just need a change of scenery.
Downstairs my child is in her crib screaming her head off.
Luckily, in what I believe was an act of Divine Intervention, Zara.com made shopping online available in the U.S. around the same time I moved. Thank you, Jesus, for providing me with affordable, Spanish-influenced fashion options in my time of need.
This is not a fluke.
Like the card we made at the workshop, I used the Easy Events stamp set for the box & cards... plus a ring-in stamp from the Summer Fun set (a new set I've been looking forward to colouring with). Here are the cards I made, which I hope gave Jo some ideas of how she could colour with the set.
I recognize
Pod attends NTSU in the Fall and meets Kipp Schwalm in English class, they begin playing regularly and recording with a Fostex four track recorder.
Afterward we headed over to the lot where my hot friend Adrian was selling beer.
(At the end of this truly colossal silence, Cornwall sinks very suddenly into the Atlantic, never to be seen again. At least, that's how it feels...)
That's what you noticed about my resolution list? The whole 'driving 50 miles over the speed limit' thing didn't phase you. Just the pet monkey, huh? Sheesh, Patrick Demsey brings one rabid monkey into the country and ruins it for everyone! Okay then, scratch the pet monkey. Instead, I'll just make it my resolution to start addressing everyone I meet as Colonel. But I won't pronounce it like "kernel". I'll say it just the way it looks - "colonel".
That reminds me that it's been years since I have actually stopping writing. I mean using a pen. So the occasionally writing that I do, turns out to be a tortuous exercise. The most funny things will be when my colleagues are trying to understand what I wrote. I request them to stop even trying! I once told them that I used to have a pretty handwriting. They won't believe me seriously. Then I told them that I said it was pretty but not whether it was legible or readable! I was in love with my own handwriting for a long time. Now I hardly ever want to look at it. Well for one reason I can't understand it myself, second I will feel very low, thinking why on earth I am not gifted with a beautiful writing. And of course I won't tell you about singing!
Now it's your turn to bring Delightful Order to your linen closet. Be sure and post before and after photo's and come back here on Thursday to link to my Inspiring Thursday Link Party. Looking forward to seeing your posts.
I have gotten away from blogging recently, as you have probably noticed. While I was having problems, I spent so many weeks hunched over my keyboard that I sort of needed a break. I have been working on this post for awhile and it is coming very slow, so I decided to publish the first part, even though it is not even close to being finished.
Mars; Athene favours heroes of intelligence, however mortal. It’s like Dynasty with extra war, bitchery,
Someone told me crying is good for you.
As for me, I spent two days driving from Greenville, SC, to Philadelphia, PA. Along the way I stopped in Virginia to visit my friend Brian AND NO ONE ELSE!! (Inside joke.)
“Isn’t Farmer Ketch related to you?” asked Chris.
The weakness
Pete on the other hand was more of a progressive man
I think the colours come partly from the individual, his dress sense, his dance style, and partly from the music of the particular dance.
Thursday morning we had breakfast at The Bunnery. This place is dangerous! You walk in and you are surrounded by counters full of baked goods. One side is all cakes and beautiful pies. The other side is every kind of breakfast pastry imaginable - plain croissants, filled croissants, sticky buns, cinnamon rolls, almond twists, cinnamon twists, muffins of all sorts - along with cookies, brownies, and lemon squares.
Unless, hypothetically of course, I go out to chat with the griller and Hercules and the neighbor and forget it on the stove - - - then it is charry and black.
Do you start getting ready for Christmas by the end of October? Or is this still too early for you yet?
* Tufts University (USA)
So very glad it is fresh then, not quite as fresh as when I tried it first time around in Brooklyn, on draught, but fresh enough. But fresh isn't todays issue.
Instead, I am going to tell you that when we left home, Hubs had his mind made up that we were going to eat Mexican food. All day, I salivated at the thought of perfectly seasoned and grilled shrimp folded inside a warm corn tortilla with some creamy coleslaw to make the most awesome shrimp tacos. I wanted. I wanted badly. With beans and rice. Then, we got to the big city and Hubs decided he wanted pasta. So much for Mexican food. *shrug*
There are many more photos from 2D 2011 at the following Facebook pages -
This is a sticky posting and will stay at the top until the 17th October when this ends. To find out how to win click here.
This time it worked.
Santorum goes out of his way to make sure his scorn towards gays is well-known, forsaking the true meanings of conservatism in government and individual liberty, principles that the GOP candidate for President in 2012 should strive to uphold.
I wanna take snap shots of you from every
The movie is probably one of the greatest horror movies of time. You’re going to want to watch this movie over and over again! I can watch this movie a million times and it never gets old! This movie has the greatest surprise ending ever! Your jaw is going to drop!
She thought she was ready to come back, to forget about Holden and to let go of the rage consuming her.
I will tell you right now that if you don’t have this information, looking at your royalty statement is meaningless.
از فساد او فساد آسیا
IN A FUTURE WORLD, VAMPIRES REIGN. HUMANS ARE BLOOD CATTLE. AND ONE GIRL WILL SEARCH FOR THE KEY TO SAVE HUMANITY.
So, the rest of the troupe was wondering if I ever take photos of them anymore. In particular Mr. Gus. Wham... that's enough to make me step back and check out my parenting. Yes I still love my biggies, when there is a little--I just get caught up in the little one, since he is in my arms constantly (although he did take his first stroller ride.... that's for another post). Then, suddenly I catch a glimpse of the big kid standing next to the bookshelf, and lo and behold, he can reach the top shelf without even stretching. The former little can get a glass down from the cupboard without a stool or jumping up on the counter (my fave tactic). Hair gets brushed by its owner. A room which was formerly hard to walk through on a good day stays tidy for weeks on end, "so that I can find stuff!" And yet, and yet.... the snuggles happen less often and the story is sometimes cut short or traded for everyone reading out of his or her own book before bed, owies are mended by bandaids and salve--no kisses needed. I am caught in the act of staring at all of my children who are growing and transforming before my very eyes--and sometimes behind my back--and not just the infant! I have to remind myself each day to slow down, make the moments last and feel groovy, because in a few more short years--fewer than I've been a parent already, they will be off on their own adventures. I am their mother and I went on many many adventures before I had them. I am raising them to be adventurous and hope that everything that we do together will prepare them for the time when we are no longer together. I don't know what will prepare me for that same eventuality, but it is out there and I would rather not rush towards it at the speed of light---I'd rather slow down to the speed of love, where there is time for hugs and snuggles, kisses and stories, hand holding and lap sitting, even if I am tired and sore from holding and feeding their little brother--I must make time for these things before they are not needed or wanted.
Next, I made odd oval shapes in different sizes. I worked some black dye into a separate ball of gumpaste and then used it to make the heads and dots, as in the photo above.
My only complaint about the story is how many times Bond apologies to Michal for this, that, and the other, usually after he fails to accomplish a goal, or a trick fails, or for some other reason, and while he may be trying to reassure her that he can finish the job, it made him seem weak.
In addition to the band bios, there are also topical articles scattered throughout the book, touching on subjects such as the Stiff Records label, heartthrobs of the genre, and men’s and women’s fashion. The book concludes with a bevy of top ten, top twenty, and top fifty lists and a “New Wave Timeline” that begins in 1959 and ends in 1991, with Martha Quinn’s departure from MTV.
“Speaking of Apraxia” is the first-ever comprehensive guide exclusively devoted to parents of children with apraxia. It’s 400+ pages cover the diagnosis, how to find help, types of treatment, things to do at home, parent experience, professional insights, and more. You can purchase the book at www.amazon.com, www.woodbinehouse.com, at www.barnesandnoble.com and some Barnes & Noble stores. (if you don’t see it on the shelf, just ask!).
Now to get to the exciting bit. I have a book (a gift from a sister with a sense of humor) entitled, “In Your Dreams: The Ultimate Dream Dictionary” by Mary Summer Rain. I intend no offense to Ms. Summer Rain, author of over 20 books, when I write that I laughed like Woody Woodpecker when I opened my birthday package and read the title. But oh, the dividends! Every bad dream, every ominous object, every scenario and detail no matter how mundane with a definable meaning. Sort of.
6 Has a doctor or family member ever approached you with concern about your eating habits or weight?
(1) Voting “yes” will help clear the way to accessing cheap and abundant funding from the ESM in 2014. The jury is out on whether or not a “no” vote will allow us put the kibosh on the ESM fund for everyone else, and the uncertainty may damage our interests. Just this week, a ratings agency Standard and Poor’s warned that a “no” vote would have a negative impact on our credit rating “in the short term”. And that makes sense, if the market thinks there is no backup fund available to the country, it will see a greater risk of default and demand a higher interest rate if we do get back into the bond market, which we are scheduled to do in the latter part of 2013.
26 Do you pay any specific insurance premiums such as public liability insurance?
“You’re not in my district” to the oh so helpful
There will be 4 levels and all of them will be some sort of an introduction to the features in the game.
I had a lot of dreams about flying. Some of them seemed so real. I’d be standing on top of a couch, I’d jump, and I’d levitate. In some dreams, I’d be in a long off-white empty corridor. I’d make my way through the corridor by levitating.
Their 330ml selection I was unsure whether it had been effected, although I noted Brewdog Punk IPA unchanged at £1.49.
The First Lady praised CentroNia for the use of the MyPlate guidelines for food service, as well as the use of local public parks for recreational activities, and said these are things that other facilities can adopt, too.
But, seriously…Who am I kidding, anyway? Most men won’t do this- they just don’t have it in them to be forthcoming and if we want to know something, we have to pry it out of them! Urrgh. And if any of you know a man who IS like that and he’s single, please send him my way because a man with confidence, intelligence, and who is forthcoming is super-hot! Lol. I’m serious!
Schrader SM, Turner TW, Garry VF, Holland SE. Abnormal Sperm Morphology and Offspring Sex Ratio in Male Fungicide Applicators. J Andrology 2002; (Suppl.): 40.
And until that day,
That's something else: this guy that plays Ricky, the aforementioned Eric Freeman, apparently is either one of those guys who was hired because he had this leading man look to him, or someone owed him a favor. And as far as line readings go... well, maybe we can overlook that. We could, save for the fact that he invokes a very loud, growling tone in every line of dialogue. Of course, it's all accompanied with wide eyes, sneering lips and nostrils flaring so as to put a rabid rottweiler to shame.
Ours were hearts
Japanese - My bistable trigger circuit which goes allot
How about our critics? Mind sharing what you work for?
“I’m going to work now. I’ll see you later……Captain!”
So long as others care and love their children with respect and compassion, they're good with me.
Stage 002
I love animals, wild and domestic and I’ve had a variety of pets as I grew up.
3. Give people the help they need to spread the word about you. Develop a robust online presence starting with a compelling website. People will search for you online—what they find needs to match what others are saying about you. And, give your fans something they can share with others—an interesting article that can be downloaded from your website or a feature on your business’ Facebook page. Help your clients to send you viral. The key is to have something that is unique, let others know about it, and give them ways to share it with others. Without these, you may seem surprisingly unexceptional.
KERS 2011
The things I must relinquish are harder to discern. I get them confused with the things that I lack. I suppose He can’t take what He didn’t give in the first place. But I know there are always things to relinquish, because my heart is always clinging to Less Beautiful Things (also known as idols).
Preheat oven to 325 degrees (actually just between 325 and 350 would be ideal...depends on how accurate your oven is).
That’s what it’s like.
Set completion: 60/165 (36%)
Let’s remind you that over three years Bradford Council will have cut over £100 million from its budget – that’s 25% of what we get in grant from government. And it’s true, jobs have gone, some unnecessary cuts have been imposed, a few facilities have closed but, in the main, the “cuts” have barely inconvenienced the majority of the City’s population.
I'm not sure if it was the Placebo effect or if the Vitamin D/Gluten Free diet really did help jumpstart my mind again, but I finally began to feel a bit better. Everyday I was gaining more energy. I wanted to do more. To see more. To reengage with the world. I felt like I had more control over my body. My emotions. And that I was "myself" again.
I pulled into an overlook and sat in the warm sun basking like the painted turtles I had watched earlier.I took off my shirt and lay back dreaming, wondering who first found this pristine area and called it home.I spent the rest of the day in a daydream, as I often do, and headed down to my other home to mow and tend the yard a bit. I had brought all my laundry to do also and set it in the basement. My friend stopped over and we ran out to get a pizza and steak at our favorite little town nearby and I came home pretty exhausted.I sat back and was lost in a dream, waking to hear her typing away on one of the many computers. She asked,"What is in your clothes making all that racket?" I sat up hearing a thud every once and a while.She told me she had started another load and I laughed, forgetting to empty ones pockets can be tough on a dryer. In this case it was my recorder, less than two weeks old. Hmmmmm I wonder if that is under warranty. She left before I was back up and I was grateful to have had some help at least, my first few loads were all folded and hung up, a task I really don't like to do.
That's why I love putting costumes together out of fashion pieces I already own.
young women have already died for this and yet this industrial murdering machine allows it to continue. And even here in Africa big pharma is threatening to shut all us herbalists down. We won't even go into hackgate and how the entire met in London is free masons. Is there any wonder that justice had not been served for Daniel Morgan or Madeleine McCann.
__The wares of the East Slavs of the 6th-8th centuries from the Prydniprov’ya districts cause considerable interest. The jeweller wares of this epoch reflect the centuries-old worship of Slavs of the powers of nature – Sun, Earth, Water that gives life to the human and all the living.
In 1936, when to the dominant minds a thirty-acre farm in Kentucky was becoming laughable, Tate’s essay would have seemed irrelevant as a matter of course. At that time, despite the Depression, faith in the standards and devices of industrial progress was nearly universal and could not be shaken.
If you’re a teacher, and you’ve been using Imaginative Realism in your school class, send me photos and a description of your project, and I’ll try to post about it. You can reach me at jgurneyart@yahoo.com.
What about you? Have you ever given or received an obvious re-gift? Ever experienced an awkward gift exchange? What are your plans for the holidays and how do you handle the giving and receiving of gifts?
Vegans Against PETA
Thanks for having me Megan!
Have enough to be ready, but not enough to end up on 'A&E' with that psychiatrist with the huge forehead (Dr. Fivehead, as she is called in our household). Or just rob an Extreme Couponer. Have you seen those stockpiles? That’s a lot of green beans.
Rhiannon Lassiter got her first, two-book, contract when she was nineteen and I know this because it was just a year after we had delivered her to Oxford University. Rhiannon is my daughter and is just seeing her fourteenth book published. It is a tribute to her writing that I forget this fact after a paragraph or two and just read her books as if they were by someone I had never met.
I'm in the mood to start something like this, and perhaps, after a few weeks, I can start putting together a project containing all the photos, yours and mine...
(Confession: on longish trips we travel with our own pillows. We generally leave them behind at the last overnight stop.)
Each of the over 850 quotes is cited to the original work so readers can go back and read more if a certain quote peaks their interest.
Has his body been taken by the sea?
Cadence
1 significant
Scoop 1/4 c batter for each cookie, 3 inches apart and flatten mounds with a moistened palm of your hand. I just used a tablespoon to form balls and they were plenty big.
He smiled, trying not to laugh, explained what he meant, and I think I understood him correctly (but if not please comment below and further my agricultural education!)
Tuesday: Tacos
The defendant had also challenged the designs on grounds that they were commonplace in the design field in question—thereby contravening section 213(4). The judge first addressed the design field: was it limited to boxes for wraps?
8. Continue to re-connect to the local and Pennsylvania beer community. I got better last year, I'm going to keep it up.
By the time I was ready to hit the Pandazilla, Justin had a certain trick up his sleeve he was ready to show me. This was a cocktail he had invented involving Pandazilla, stag cherry bourbon, illy coffee liquor and ice.
Did I do something crazy?
* The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is expected to rise by 0.3% in March, down from a 0.5% January rise. Inflation has been very tame over the last year. Most of the rise is expected to come from the volatile food and energy components of the index. Stripping them out to get to the core CPI, the increase is expected to be only 0.2%, matching a 0.2% rise in January. Rent and Owners Equivalent Rent together make up over 30% of the overall CPI and more than 40% of core CPI and are likely to be either unchanged or up just 0.1% as they have been for the last year or so, thus keeping the overall increase in inflation very low. Inflation, particularly core inflation, is not a significant economic problem at this point. Efforts to combat it aggressively are misguided, since those measures will tend to make real economic problems, like unemployment, much worse.
I found the hair products to really cut down on the itching on my scalp. Therefore, I give it a two thumbs up. I also like the idea of it in a bar. Great for travelling - you wouldn`t have to worry about spillage.
This review sounds like I did not enjoy the book. I enjoyed it but also found it frustrating at the same time.
2 Corinthians 2:15
Around a corner we unexpectedly came upon this vista, Loch Maree. This too had a viewpoint, but this time unobstructed and offering clear views along the length of the loch.
OK, I really should have made this change before we left home, but I put OFF the smart phone upgrade in large part due to the additional cost for bandwidth with my (or any) cell carrier. With this many miles to travel, so many places to explore, so much information to gather and so many potential weather issues, I really should have upgraded before the trip. It would have been fun to have (and likely beneficial) at Disney World, would have been less frustrating than those old, outdated Garmin maps in my "old" GPS, and would have kept us more closely connected with friends and family throughout the trek.
“W…well, all things considered, can you blame them?”
Schäuble bereitet sich auf Griechenland-Pleite vor – Der Spiegel
The leadership of the sport is supposed to be leading the our coaches and athletes towards a common goal. The only goal that I’ve seen stated from the Office Of USATF CEO Doug Logan since he took over the helm in 2008 was that he wants to see us win 30 medals in London (2012). Yet towards that goal we’ve dropped our relay program (and the baton in 4 out of 4 major races); we’ve gotten rid of coaching education programs; and now we’re attempting to created a quasi coaches registry whose intent is not the safety of our youth but the identification of coaches that apparently may embarrass our head office. We’ve had more comments about how appalled our CEO is that Trevor Graham ever coached for the US and how disgusted he is with Lashawn Merritt, than we have about how we are going to get the baton around the track in majors, how we are going educate our coaches, how we can help our athletes avoid the use of PED’s, how we can help collegiate athletes transition from college to the pros, or when where and how we will be able to host a World Championships!
Tom Goodman-Hill – Reverend Golightly
That small period in Victoria was probably the most isolated of our lives. We had no neutral adults or grounding forces around and really had to fend for ourselves. We done our own washing, cooking and ironing. We put ourselves to bed and got ourselves up for school. When we got home we'd take it in turns to be on suicide watch. We were children looking after children.
As always, thanks for stopping by my part of the world, and now that you're here why not leave me a little love as well your comments mean so much and always brighten my day.
¼ cup milk chocolate
In GMANews.TV reports, the President was quoted saying:
Louise Cooper – Services Rendered
The brutal attacks came shortly after AC announced the appointment of Dr. Bruce MacApple, A.S, B.A, M.D, PhD as Coupon Chief . AVG & McAfee have saved the site from an increased threat level recently but one rogue Cyber Bully with internal access to confidential customer service records is all it takes to make an online small business owner feel betrayed, violated, & humiliated
a cell delivery barrel located within said catheter body having a distal aperture;
Romance author Simone Kent thinks she might just have found the most perfect guy in all of New York City - in bed and out. But Drake Parrish is about as far from perfect as any man can get. Eight years ago, he was cursed by an evil Voodoo priestess to live part of his life as a zombie. Since then, he has lived like a recluse on New York’s Upper East Side, afraid to go out for fear he’ll suddenly turn into one of the walking dead.
They had an amazing selection of various colour checked ones as well...
Well anyway, HI to whoever may still be following me!! I'm still here. The hurricane didn't sweep me, Mr. D or any of our belongings away. Kitties are well. New news: I'm going to be an auntie!!! Mr. D's sister is expecting in January and I am over the moon excited for them!! This kid is going to be spoiled by his auntie like crazy until we have one of our own :)
She also used additional bins above the changing table, to corral all sorts of additional baby necessities.
Good Morning to all of you out there! Remember this post where I talked about the Blogger Discount Program for Ecolissa.com... Well my clothes came in yesterday!! I practically ripped the box open thats how excited I was! I couldn't wait to try on the clothing I had purchased!
our attorney spoke to the prosecutor today. (for the record, my crush on him is totally finished after today.)
Last month, according to a recent report in the Times, grave robbers were seen digging pits in the ancient Mycenaean cemetery on two occasions before a farmer raised the alarm. Without any official support, local people mounted their own guard for ten nights running in an attempt to scare the thieves away. Nikolas Zirganos, a journalist who has helped to retrieve pillaged artefacts places the problem in a bigger context;
These markers are available as pre-orders from many places, and will be shipping in February. Come to our booth at CHA and you can see them for yourself. Booth #2390
1 ripe tomato, quartered, deseeded, finely chopped
Exactly that!
I thought it was quite funny he had made several of these 'photograph postcards' to send to his family. I had never seen them before.
Observed so far :
I chose this over the studio version (Machine Head) simply because it’s more muscular and loosey-goosey. Ian Gillan sounds like he knows he’s the luckiest man in the world. See Amboy Dukes (below).
My second quilt is based on this beauty Rita made a while ago. I'm planning on this being our picnic blanket but I might change my mind. A lot depends on how soon I'll get sick of making an insane amount of HSTs.
I gaze into my mirror,
Podhoretz puts his finger, I think, on the animating pulse of the Obama
The Church of Scientology is on a very self-destructive path, as is becoming more and more evident. Its addiction to power and money has perverted the Church to the point where it is unrecognizable to old timers. Instead of being encouraged to get up the Bridge, help others, or get involved in community activities, Scientologists are pressured to give more and more money to things like the IAS, the Superpower Building, and “Ideal” Orgs. These days, it’s all about money and buildings.
We're done with our assessments, ready to start the next trimester,
I am such a nobody!
I need to be completely honest with you, people.
Basically, this hands on idea is just average tie-dying but I think it’s a bit cooler. All you gotta do is gather some paper towels, your favorite set of thick paints, vinegar, and rubber bands. This activity is a lot better if you do it outside, preferably when its sunny and you can crank up some tunes.
I look back over the course of our relationship and we have certainly created a road for ourselves that doesn’t exactly follow tradition.
The one chapter I felt I had mastered was the one on financial preparedness. Yep, it's all the same.. have.no debt, spend less than you make..etc. etc. That is .... until Lisa mentioned something about gold and silver. What? Buying silver and gold will hedge you against runaway inflation. In other words, if and when the dollar becomes almost worthless, you will have gold and/or silver to barter with. Hmmm, does my jewelery collection count?
2) MONEY -- It's $150 for the seminar alone & then I will need a hotel for 4-5 nights. So, unless I share a room with some other attendees (which I can't if no one I know goes), I will be paying a pretty penny for that as well.
Your main core muscles consist of the abdominals, obliques, lower back and glutes. People fail to realize the increased fitness potential that can be obtained through the strengthening of these muscles. The countless and unnecessary injuries that people face day to day can be attributed to both poor balance and a lack of functional strength. At FLEX, class participants are introduced to new exercise techniques that really challenge these muscles. Some of our favorite core exercises are plank, side plank, abdominal curl, V-ups, superman (varying arm and leg positions), gluteal bridge, sphinx/cobra pose, bridge and child’s pose.
It did rain pretty heavily one day on the trip. We stuck it out (in the park) until a little after noon time. At that point, our feet were soggy and our toddlers' hands were cold. We shuffled back to the rental house and enjoyed our evening inside.
Then Vinnie Spoons ran amok.
Mahar, commenting from her apartment in the Flatbush area, said she hadn't decided what to do with all the money, but that she definitely needs a waterfall installed in the living room. Kutey was seen later in the day sporting new 22" rims on his Kia Sportage.
Intercom: “Are you guys ready to order now?”
And, they have done it their whole lives while never complaining that my career has kept them from playing youth sports, taking piano lessons, or cheer leading for their schools with their friends. To them, me coaching football was what WE did as a family. But, it shouldn't be that way.
Well, not quite... the plot is severely lacking, the editing, script and soundtrack are all a little questionable, some moments are as jokey as hell and the sentimental sub plot has no real pay off but due to the aforementioned plus points, there shall be no complaints here.
Carved by wind, water and grit
I wasn't completely lost since the author does a good job of explaining just enough of the background so that you can follow along with what's going on. Obviously there was an operation gone wrong, and now a threat hangs over Meara's head. She's got plans to find herself a mate. With her brother gone in his honeymoon she has the run of their resort to rent out only to available and eligible shifters. She's gone through the paces and has them all lined up.
boxed and frozen
Here is Sam anxiously awaiting the upcoming boat ride...ok I was anxious. She was excited to be playing in the garage.
The start of a week usually brings a clean house. Well, although the house has been cleaned tip top to basement bottom, it appears as though it was never cleaned with the torrent of toys littered all over, the superheros neighboring the matchbox cars and the shiny red and yellow building blocks mixed among the wooden train pieces. Along with a "clean" house, I also typically kick the week off scrambling to get to my pilates class while a friend watches the boys. It's the only hour of sanity that I have in my week and I spent it torturing my abs. In this particular week, I spend the better part of a day shoveling out of 4 inches of snow from a blustery Great Lakes storm. And this is just the start of the week. I am already mentally fatigued and I know that I am feeling run down since a dull, back ache and sinus congestion started days previously. But this turns ugly.
Books for reluctant readers have a limited vocabulary but you feel no sense of that with Vampire Dawn (which has its own website). And writers of such books don't usually see them reviewed in the national press or on prize shortlists.
Greedy for money
After some time, and with no more hyenas joining the fray, the hyenas almost lost interest and conceded defeat and simply lay down a couple of metres from the lions, and waited until they had had their share before leaving the scraps for the scavengers!
reveal our hearts
I also enjoyed the forced perspective on the title and the entire angle of the cover. It just screams ROSS ANDRU!!! and I love it! (I like the ziptone moon as well.)
When riding home we asked what their favorite part of the day was, they both agreed it was the horse. We probably should have just went to a farm.
For real? I don't know. Maybe I'm weird, but I have no problem walking in jeans. Besides that's all I have that fits!
But I know my body and mind are ready for this last baby. I know what a strain my body has been through carrying such large bubs too.
This week in Hungary was not a, "lets wander around feeling like the English speaker who understands nothing" week. I was attending a workshop on language coaching. I'll save you a long explanation of language coaching...for the time being. The people we were discussing are language learners, much like myself. Some of our learners were brand new to the field, some had been around for a while, others were in the middle ground of discouragement. Half of the learners on my radar screen are brand new, new, or fairly new. They have varying degrees of understanding. Our brand new gal still doesn't hear separate words, simply sounds. She doesn't know what at least 90% of shop signs are advertising. Much like my experience in Budapest.
Next either the 800 or short hurdles – I haven't decided yet.
The Psalmist, it seems, could have easily been in Ireland when he wrote these words of thanksgiving. Most everyone has a mental picture of the country’s verdant, green landscapes, but they are so much greener than the mind imagines. Unfortunately the camera didn’t do justice to this wonderland. The island’s nickname, the Emerald Isle, is indeed appropriate! The timing of our trip landed us at the perfect time to appreciate the beauty of the land. Most of the southwest portion of the country is made up of small farms, yet larger, more extensive range sheep and cattle outfits were resident in the mountainous regions.
Hidden Thoughts Press’s mission is to continue to educate, empower, and advocate for these residents. Proceeds will be used to further this goal through workshops, conferences, trips to Albany to educate our constituents, and so much more.
Article 156
Found out there is a dog snatcher around these parts... According to my daughter, who heard it from a teacher, who heard it from the police... someone is snatching dogs and using them in illegal dog fights. Just thinking about it makes me very uneasy this week and I am making sure all the doors are locked securely. It's not like I'm against them taking a dog or three... But I don't want to deal with the family heartache if one is taken.
Now Louie was what us Brooklyn guys
larger in a slide show type format, which is nice.
Photos of Girls Aloud posing as "sexy schoolgirls" shows a look to be imitated and turns children into sexual targets. Dressing up little girls like prostitutes signals that this mode of dress is sanctioned by the Establishment to paedophiles who are made to feel their behaviour is becoming accepted.
3 gallery
As a very public persona but still being a private citizen and thus not a public figure as described by the law, who does work in the public arena of discourse I am often attacked for not being willing to discuss things such as current projects (which I am usually under a non-disclosure agreement). I also get criticized for my belief that the public sector needs to provide the most competitive business climate in order to attract, retain and expand business investment in their locales, and thus create and/or preserve jobs.
Beautiful Disaster could have easily been one of the best books out there, had more time been taken to explain, develop, and resolve. Unfortunately, it fell short of expectations due to lack of development and erratic behavior from the characters. A possible sequel is in the works and the good parts of the novel may intrigue a reader enough to pick up a copy upon release.
Clark: "Good idea"
I really enjoyed the first movie and was impressed how much it got to me. Especially considering how Jack Black can annoy me sometimes. For the sequel I was happy to be drawn back into the world, and liked getting to know the characters all over again. One of the problems with some voice acting is the audience can be taken out of the movie with higher profile celebrities as they try and match face to voice. However in the first movie and this sequel
Margarine isn’t a bad example for building a case against nutritionism; it’s probably the best one there is. While I think that Pollan somewhat overstates the role of nutritionism in pushing margarine into the mainstream (mainly by understating the importance of wartime butter shortages and lower prices to margarine’s success), it has become sufficiently clear that the nutritional establishment erred in recommending that Americans consume trans fats.
”This is indeed you confirmation Cristen. I actually don't think we were letting lottery winners in unless they answered the phone last night but you called at exactly the right time when I needed to send in the final list and i had just had a couple cancellations.. so congratulations! see you in a couple hours!
The Chair of the judges is Tony Bradman and the other judges are journalist Barbara Ellen, librarian Barbara Band and a teenager Claudia Freemantle. Once we have a shortlist we will be joined by four more teenage judges and I shall find all their views most interesting. I have a hunch there will be a core of titles both age groups enjoy but another tranche that is liked more by one lot than the other.
Penetrates with a move of emotional intellection
The play brings the story of a young man who is looking to find his mother and understand why she gave him away when she gave birth.
over and over– that was when we began to love it. Not that
And they did!
Two stock pots are constantly on the go. On the right is his thick and rich master stock, one that takes seven days to create. On the left is a lighter stock made from 40kg of pork white bones. This lighter, milkier-looking stock is used for the Hakata ramen, and is also called upon when customers request tonkotsu soup dilution.
Before we go into the details of the subject let us first clarify what we mean by the terms “general” (aam) and “absolute” (mutlaq). When a verse is described as “general” it means that it covers everything related to the subject. “Absolute” means that the verse is not limited in a particular aspect of the subject in question. If a verse is general, another verse (or evidence from Sunnah) is required to make it specific (khass) otherwise it must remain as general. Similarly if the verse is absolute another evidence is required to “limit” (muqayad) it, otherwise it to remains absolute.
Preceding him was the British prime minister – quoted in a BBC report on Feb 5, 2011 headlined ‘State multiculturalism has failed, says David Cameron’ – lamenting “We have even tolerated these segregated communities behaving in ways that run counter to our values.”
If you are here for a stopver, you can leave. And if you are planning on a vacation from this blog, you can't anymore. For here is that Pineapple Upside down cake that turned the explorer into businessman and without which a businessman turned into an explorer (?).
But man oh man did I get some dang good rejection letters! Jenny forwarded some very encouraging, personalized emails from editors at such places like Harper Collins, Tor, Little, Brown, etc. Although I was dejected as usual, deep inside I felt a confirmation that I wasn't so bad a writer, and that if I kept at it good things were in store.
Overall Blog Candy
Good understanding in mechanical design concept and technical drawing.
DOGTV… you read correctly, DOGTV, the newest channel to hit cable. Mom says they’re testing programming right now in this far away place called San Diego. Imagine, eight hours of daily programming where the sounds, color and pace reflect our K9 sensitivities.
So I’m gonna tell you this story, a story about a girl. This girl was kinda.. doped up on Sleeping Tablets and decided to change the layout of her blog. Fast forward 24 hours when she goes to start writing a blog post. “This is not my blog!!” She exclaims… “This is not my theme”… Then it hits her.. “Oh..I forgot..” That is the story of me 1 hour ago!.. Sometimes I even shock myself with how silly I can be…
and she always will be there.
Tolstoy and the Purple Chair turned into the perfect read for September 11. Not because Sankovitch’s loss was a result of that tragic day, but because of the theme of loss and the message she sends. This is a touching book that gives the read a very personal insight into the author’s thoughts and feelings. Even though Tolstoy and the Purple Chair wasn’t what I expected, I found myself drawn into Sankovitch’s life. I would definitely recommend this book, especially if you have a loss of your own to process.
I have been learning a ton from the T. Colin Campbell courses. Most importantly, what is the benefit of a whole food, plant based diet. Each food that falls in this category has a symphony of nutrients that are designed to work together for optimum health. These plants gain their nutrients from the sun and we gain optimum nutrition when we consume the whole food. By stripping out any of the nutrients, we are depriving ourselves of the opportunity to reap the full benefit of the whole food.
Then, this evening, Denise and I got motivated and made some homemade bagels. They are delicious! And really easy to make! I haven't had a bagel in forever. Why France doesn't have bagels is beyond me!
1-2 cups or cooked shredded or ground beef
NAB booth #SU9702
-This is just an exerpt from Roald Dahl's "The Three Little Pigs"-the full poem can be read at AllPoetry. Such a natural thing to combine The Three Little Pigs with Little Red Riding Hood, when you think about it. As you might expect with Dahl, the retelling is humorous as well as a bit morbid.
scene with his R-5 assault rifle. You need to be this dumb to get
They continue to believe that there is plenty of work out there and that all the need to do is to give people a ‘nudge’ to go and get it.
Out of the cold came a stooped and bent old woman--Loki in disguise--who also enjoyed the fun. As the festivities continued on, however, poor Hodr, Baldr's blind twin brother, kept trying to shoot arrows at Baldr but missed. Because he was blind, and couldn't see to shoot straight. Kind of like a Storm Trooper.
It's so exciting and i know some of you have been waiting a while to hear the results, but don't be too disappointed if you haven't made it. We will be doing a Guest Designer Call very soon!
I am a free-born Englishman. I have ancestors who spilt their blood, gave up their own lives for this country; I have others who faced hardship and deprivation and came out the other side, but were still willing to sacrifice. Why did they do this?
The Cabal is getting desperate to start WWW 3 with its repeated attempts to find a reason to war with Iran and Pakistan and get the Chinese and Russians to attack US forces; and then there is the issue of all that gold off the Phillipines they have been trying to steal. The Cabal is getting ancy because their forces of reptilian and gray bases are diminishing and nearly one million clone units have been vaporized.
I hate doing pictureless posts so I'll be back when I can figure it out.
Sugar - 1/2 tsp
It turns out that, for me, the solution is more travelling. This previous weekend my program went south – quite literally through the greener pastures of Chile – to Pucón, and I then continued on to Puerto Varas. While the first day in Pucón was somewhat of a blur due to the overnight bus ride, but I spent the second climbing an active volcano named Villarrica with two guides and a small group of friends. The trip began at sunrise around 6 AM, and due to good weather, was spectacular the entire way. By far the best part was descending the glacier just below the summit cone, which we did in about fifteen minutes with the help of ice axes and small plastic sleds. The following day I packed myself a lunch, rented a mountain bike, and spent the late morning and afternoon exploring the surrounding area.
RENO, Nev. (AP) — A loud explosion heard across much of Nevada and California on Sunday morning rattled homes and prompted a flood of calls to law enforcement agencies on both sides of the Sierra Nevada, some reporting fireball sightings.
“He came out of left field. I don’t think many people expected this,” he said.
1/3 cup dill or hamburger pickle rounds
We just celebrated a month of missions emphasis. Part of that celebration involved hanging of flags representing the various countries where we send money to support missions outreach.
After about 30 minutes, heat 6 quarts of water to about 170˚. When mash is done, pull out the grain bag and let it drain for a few minutes. Add bag to heated water stir and let sit for 20 minutes to rinse out any remaining sugars. Should end up with around 9+ quarts of wort.
Naturally, I leaped from the table, stumbled a bit, regained my footing, stumbled again, fell, got up, tripped on a dog (that fucking dog!) and fell onto the bar next to her. As you would.
Wear again? Yes, but I may raise the waistline as I think it’s unflattering, and it would be great for the beach!
Alf Filer, 55, of the Brent and Harrow UAF, who spoke at the event, said: “When we heard the SOIE was going to return we decided to counter it.
that's when the mama-decoder ring comes in handy.
Someday I'll write about that experience and how it impacted my life as I have all the letters to the editor, the newspaper articles and my journal from that very difficult time, but not yet. Off my soap box for today. :-)
Keeping your boat in good condition?
5. Do you read more or less now than you did, say, 10 years ago?
The chiropractor told me that movement and exercise is Spooks' best friend. The better condition he has, the more limber he will be. That was kind of a no-brainer, but in Spooks' case, its even more apparent. Obviously it was going to take more adjustments, coupled with a good conditioning program to get Spooks' aligned again. I sort of expected that I would have to lay off competition for a bit, but the chiro told me that competing would be fine. It would be important to have him well warmed up and to keep him moving so he did not re-stiffen.
I’m glad the Secret Santa was successful, and everyone seemed to enjoy their gifts, whatever they were. I’m pretty sure the non-gifted person eventually received a gift too, which resolved that issue. We’ve come a long way from two years ago when Karl ran the Secret Santa and set everyone up in pairs (A had B and B had A). He really tried but it made for some hilarious exchanges.
So, where did it all go horribly wrong for me this year? Well, for starters, I planted my sets in spring and then the weather was unseasonably hot. I've now read that some varieties just will not grow in hot areas or will only set one clove or no bulb at all. The other (big) mistake I made was to make the cardinal error of growing my garlic in the same bed as the year before - although I improved the soil with a top dressing of compost, the sets were still at the mercy of any diseases left in the soil from the previous year; this, apparently, can be another cause for no bulb. None of this, though, explains how the leaves grew looking like leek leaves - although the bulb also looks like a giant spring onion or green garlic. Hmmm, it will have to remain as one of nature's mysteries.
Ranka didn’t have anything as inspiring or cheesy, but she’d never have these combat skills either (she won’t need to because she’d have either the SMS/NUNS behind her, or LOL the Vajra swarms); she didn’t even have to fight along with her band (Lovely Bomber) – she just needed to get them space lolicons serving their prison time all hot-blooded. So, if I inserted Ranka in this episode, would she have stolen the show? She’s prettier than everyone so there’s that, but unless she sings Aimo out of context or something, that’s not quite going to happen.
As hustle and bustle surround us, particularly during the holiday season, it can be hard to hear it. But, rest assured, it's still there. His heart still beats for His children, and if you listen closely you will hear
It felt marvellous; free if you will.
#6. Lastly. The toilet seat is cold in the morning! Not my favorite thats for sure!
“President Obama is determined to drawdown to that infinite training mission and ride out the rest of his term. None of the problems of the war are being addressed, and we’re going to leave a horrible mess when we finally give up and come home”, Joshua Foust, 13 Mar 2012,
And thank God for the gifts I have recieved in my life. The family and friends I adore , the lessons learned , and the goals I have achieved , here's to the next 45 years!
(Stolen from Publishers Lunch, of course)
We'll be navigating our family life smoothly, and just as I shift into cruise-control-mothering it happens.
On my right page, I experimented with Diptic photos and the ways they can fit into the journaling card inserts. I discovered that if you use a Diptic layout that has a vertical division, you can trim those photos in half, insert them into two separate slots and they still look like one photo. Here on this full page view you can see how I used the Diptic photos to create a vertical look to an otherwise usual horizontal layout. I'll show you more at the end of the post.
Exactly. It is the land they legally settled and bought themselves out of their own free will. Apartheid gave them self rule and fully assisted them every year with billions of rands.
o New fascination with science experiments, sign language, geography, computers, and banking.
During every League of Legends tournament, I root for CLG.
slow, and the Negro watches it grow in the gray air,
Evening Peeps,
I'll stand before the Lord of Song
DW: Oh, wow.
Mishnah: According to Rabbinical tradition, Moshe Rabenu, A”S, received both a Written and an Oral Torah on Mount Sinai. Whereas the Written Torah, which we know as the Five Books of Moshe Rabenu, A”S, was written down and copied, the Oral Torah was not. Instead it was passed from generation of Sages to the next generation, being given from Moshe Rabenu, A”S, till Yehoshu’a, A”S, and so on.
Hi Readers — We have all heard from parents who would LIKE to let their kids have the kind of stay-out-till-the-streetlights-come-on childhoods they themselves enjoyed. BUT, say those parents, “Times have changed. It feels so much more dangerous now!”
Well, this is a little embarrassing. I can’t recall the name of it and I will no doubt forget all about it within 24 hours of reading it. It’s one of my guilty pleasure books, a Love Inspired Suspense paperback that I got for free by temporarily joining their book club. (Update: That’s what I WAS reading when I started writing this. Since then I’ve read Up Country for my book club, The Horse and His Boy which I found laying around the house somewhere, and probably more that I can’t remember. I’m actually currently reading Freakanomics.)
TO THE FRENCH.
Okay, really, I know, who would have ever thought I'd like being a mother? And that I'd want a bunch? Definitely not me. I haven't always been the sweet, nice person I am now (said in a sarcastic voice). And I didn't used to be such a softie.
So what are these 1988 tracks with Willie Joe Duncan? Recorded in East Palo Alto, California, by a guy named Charlie Lange, we get Willie Joe talking about Jimmy Reed and Muddy Waters (whom he claims to have played with), and some unheard recordings where Willie Joe is backed by Chester D. Wilson on guitar, Lone Cat on harmonica and Willie G. on spoons. I have never heard of these three, but while they may not be Rene Hall or Froggy Landers, they do a nice job of backing up Willie Joe, all playing in pretty much the style of Jimmy Reed. There's several instrumental jams, which are very loose and yet another instrumental using the riff that we know of as Unitar Rock and/or Twitchy, this time called Joe Duncan Instrumental. There's also a jam in which he basically recreates what he sounded like playing on Maxwell Street with Jimmy Reed (Chester and Lone Cat filling in for the long gone Reed), called Key Of Jimmy Reed. Had Duncan never moved to L.A., Jimmy Reed's records, might have sounded quite different. Perhaps they would have a Unitar on them. Back to the One String Blues Masters CD --I'm glad I bought it. It's a bit short on liner notes and photos, in fact there's no liner notes at all or even a booklet. But you do get One String Sam's classic I Need $100, originally released on J-V-B, (owned by Joe Van Battle, who recorded John Lee Hooker's first sides, I guess he figured if he did so well with a guy who knew one chord, a guy with one string couldnt' miss. Anyway, it's said to be Don Van Vliet's favorite record, although don't ask me who said it, I forgot, still it's a classic by any one's standards, and these parenthesis are making me claustrophobic). It's also as rare as an honest politician. Personally, I wish the whole package was on vinyl, but clocking in at eighty minutes it would have to have been a two record set (or thirteen 78's) which economically was probably not feasible. Of course if you don't own the original 78 or 45 (does it exist on 45?) of One String Sam's I Need $100 b/w My Baby Ooo, which, unless you're extremely lucky, you could never find for a mere $100 nowadays, this compilation is double essential. There's also a live version from the '73 Ann Arbor Blues Festival and two other tracks from the same date. There's really not a bad track on this CD, although One String Sam and the Specialty sides from Willie Joe are the best things here, Eddie "One String" Jones' Rollin' & Tumblin' is excellent, as is his version of The Dozens, although it's admittedly a hard song to fuck up.
Which even to name wad be unlawfu'.
The way I have chosen to feel the last couple of days have made me act in a way I’m not entirely satisfied with. I know I am pretty much always coming on too strong and being too eager whenever there is someone or something I really like. Often this approach is not the best one. I’d say it is mostly or even always wrong and not only in the long run.
Meal: Supper (or lunch!)
After The Post raised questions about Angeldocs, Weprin’s brother, Assemblyman David Weprin, pulled legislation he had proposed that would allow Ogundu to apply for a retroactive property-tax break on the health-center building.
As teachers, we should teach them to dream AND build!!
Raincheck: If you go to the store to buy an item while it’s on sale, but it’s out of stock, you can request a raincheck. It is usually a handwritten slip that will allow you to receive the sale price once the item is restocked, even if the sale has ended. Some rainchecks have expiration dates, so you may have to have them reissued if the item is still not in stock by then. They may also express a quantity limit. You can use coupons with your raincheck if they are not expired.
Fast forward to the present day. GJ is so gifted in so many ways. She is kind, makes friends easily, and loves learning new things. I have been enormously blessed with how she's handled SO many things that other children and their parents struggle with. Bed time has almost always been easy. She's not overly picky with food. She has never been shy around new people or situations. Even with her transitions from her baby/toddler school to Montessori to public school, she'd handled everything with bravery and grace.
Mix in oats, coconut, nuts and dried fruit.
Did you ever have one of those day? Sure you have, we all have. In fact, I’m having one today, actually it started yesterday. There I was, feeling very creative and productive working away on some materials for my business. Then it happened, one simple question from my daughter and I’m stressed about a legal issue I never even considered. This may be a more extreme example of “one of those days” but I’ve definitely had my share of the run-of -the-mill type as well. One small event messes up your plans, you start to dwell on that one slip-up and then, everything else seems to go down hill from there.
So, I realized I wanted to get back to blogging about all this crazy, sometimes fun, sometimes not so fun stuff!
I was born and lived all of my life on a peninsular with magnificent beaches but great views of our deep water port on one side and an ocean fed river and inner port on the other side.
COPS 2170 – The Power of Law (PC)
This will make almost 4cups of pimento spread..
I am all packed and ready to go! I've signed the contract with Moody and it looks like the first Pearl Girls™ book will be released in 2010. God is good! I look forward to sharing the good news with everyone at the Tea, seeing old friends, and meeting new ones.
Corinne
Pick and wash millet, cook thick porridge, let it cool and rub through a sieve.
By Maureen Ryan
a Balmain jacket
To spice this activity up, we ate some Cinnabon Cereal my teammate picked up. They taste just like mini cinnamon rolls, with a little crunch! I seriously had to hide them from myself before the activity started because they would have been gone! :)
I got home at 9.30 last night from moving delicate stuff like TVs and computers in the car!
There is also a nice quote from a Dutch traffic engineer.
This final step may be difficult to see on the photo but it really important to make your image stand out, using Old Photo ink (the smallest amount possible on the brush) just draw a tiny line around the outline of the face hair, apron and spoon. Then pick up a small amount of Worn Lipstick mixed with Tea Dye and so the same on the Dress, Shoes and Scarf
So, as you see from that last little non-food go-together that I threw in, there are so many things that compliment each other and create ’go-together’ togetherness. You can’t help but think of one without the other. We do the same thing when we speak of our family and friends.
Hurd will exec-produce a miniseries based on the books, together with Stephen Gallagher (The Eleventh Hour), who will pen the adaptation.
Jazz.
The release goes on to state that the new MacBook won’t see shelves until quarter four 2012, but our inside sources have told us a Limited Edition 20-million unit run will be made available for pre-order at an “Executive Price” to customers with Apple Platinum ID status this fall. The news appears to have gotten out, as lines of Apple Platinum ID members have already begun to appear outside Apple’s Fifth Avenue store.
By the way, I decided to title this post as “May” because I didn’t want to sit here thinking of a better title. I get lazy like that sometimes. That’s about it for this post.
John Vincent McKee (Con) 376
My card features a paper from the Cool Escapes digi paper pack and a beautiful daisy image from Bee Loved. I LOVE this set! Oh, oh... and I just ordered a couple of other stamp sets from My Time Made Easy that will be here any day now. I am soooo excited. I didn't really have the money, but I just couldn't resist any longer! LOL!! So now I hope I make bonus for this quarter because my "bets will be called soon."
Office Solutions Plus LLC is the right company to use for your scanning needs. OS+ has detail-oriented staff that makes sure no information is lost and everything is scanned properly. We remain flexible to whichever filing type you need. We can scan boxes of any document type including real estate documents, research libraries, legal case reports, financial records, and engineering projects of any kind.
He has the second-highest winning percentage in club-history (.627, 31-19) among pitchers with at least 400 innings. Despite that note, Harison has not done well against Detroit, with an overall career record of 1-4 against the Tigers, compiling a 6.89 ERA in seven games (five starts vs Detroit).
Opening Statement Deliverer: Connor Lewis
ISBN 9780747570639
It drags her everywhere
A new album is in the pipeline and a tour which is likely to include one major UK festival appearance.
You can still grab some great pieces from the collection on sale online. You don't often hear of Warehouse doing designer collaborations such as these and I thought this one was a lot better than some of the things I've seen in Topshop's designer collaborations. I hope the collaborations continue and that Miss Craver will go on to do even greater things.
The fact that the event was to be held at the Manila Peninsula escaped me. Otherwise, I would have just marched with Senator Trillanes and Ces Drilon towards the hotel. Iwas-traffic pa.
2 cups Monterey Jack Cheese (I use fat free)
This also prompted the chief captain to protect the apostle from the Jews because he was a Roman citizen. Failure to do this would certainly mean a loss of position or perhaps even death for failing to do his appointed duty.
10:59 PM – The birthday boy is back…or not. Johnny and Lesnar are dumbfounded by Cena no- showing. Lesnar takes the mic and tries to draw Cena out by calling him scared, and saying he has no balls. Cena still does not make an appearance, so Lesnar decides that he has some business he would like to discuss with Johnny. Lesnar has some changes that he would like to see. Lesnar has not been happy with his return, so he has a few demands for Johnny Ace, and he wants these changes in place before Sunday. His list of changes begins with Johnny being told he must run all major decision through Brock. Lesnar would also like to use Vince McMahon’s private jet to travel to and from RAW. Another of Lesnar’s demands is that he will appear on RAW when he wants, and of course, Brock also wants more money. Lesnar goes on to say that he will not wrestle on Sunday until all of his demands are met. Johnny has no choice but to agree to Lesnar’s terms. Once Johnny agrees, Lesnar signs the contract for Sunday.
These days the lips can get to taste more than sausages in this historic beer hall. The building was raised in 1892 by the former Schous brewery. Prior to its latest refurbishment Olympen used to be one of the brownest cafés around, a place where nicotine stains would be your stamps of approval. There are nine big paintings on the walls with motives from this poor neighbourhood a century ago, and they all had to undergo extensive cleaning as part of the refurbishment.
and my arms were light. i sat up on the edge of my nest and blinked.
Since then, I depended on purified water – an additional expense for wage earner like me. But I had to stretch my budget just to have safe water to drink.
Instead, head out to the mall and buy her an all expense paid shopping spree to her favorite shoe store. Or put her on a plane to a beach somewhere. Or give her a lifetime of body massages at the Holistic Health Clinic where Mai, the masseuse will be happy to walk all over her back.
In fact the reverse is true, just like the leaders of North Korea or the old Soviet Union knew that their subject peoples would no longer be so compliant if they learnt the truth about the outside world, the fat controllers who steer public perceptions have no wish for the public to know the truth about alternative viewpoints.
It is my sincere hope and prayer that my own ruminations along these lines may be of some benefit to others, and both edifying and educational.
The idea has flittered around my brain for a while. I always wanted to do something where the MC wasn’t exactly a good-guy, but wasn’t the bad-guy either. Someone who occupied that gray space between the two, who was willing to go somewhere most won’t. Nate was that character. The story sort of came over the period of a few years as his character developed.
-Ashley Maguire & Curtis Waugh
Luckily their Mom feeds them very very healthy the rest of the week!
State: Just had some great steak and FW Pale, watching The Borgias on DVR.
I'm realzing my kids don't know how to stay cool without a pool.
The world’s first authorized test in people of a treatment derived from human embryonic stem cells has been cleared to begin by the Food and Drug Administration.
and anything
For long trips, like the one home, I have started doing vocal warm ups (and cursing the fact that you can’t stand while singing in the car causing your breath support to suck and making those high notes in ‘Don’t Stop Believing’ nearly impossible to hit with a full voice). These warm ups accomplish two helpful things:
....The current escalation has taken the Turkey-Israel relationship back four years. It needs to be rebuilt over time, accompanied by a more pragmatic and less selective Turkish foreign policy. But after picking up the pieces of a “zero problem policy” in shambles, Turkey has the option to develop a real neighborhood policy worthy of a democratic emerging power.
So: it's on 9pm Wednesday, then repeated at 3am Thursday just so mid-week pissheads can see it, then its on again at 11pm Saturday, and again at 3.30am on Sunday for weekend pissheads.
This darkness is not as light to us
Do you have a book you have read over and over and over?
I should stop it.
Oh lord, yeah!
Add food to cool box.
On the trail marked with pollen may I walk
In conclusion, Karen Crouse has a lot better idea of the ethics, values and duties of journalism than you do. Depriving Augusta National of the oxygen of publicity is not only the right thing to do, it might well be the most effective thing to drag the club, kicking and screaming, into the 21st century. The fact that she listened to your “talking to” and apparently didn’t shove a pica pole up your hindquarters also suggests she has a higher level of patience than anyone this side of Mother Teresa.
The StampFairies created an amazing selection of eye candy and inspiration using this new set. Pop on over to StampFairy World and see their cards - you won't want to miss it.
*getting on my (wee, tiny) soapbox*
“We tried a variety of new parts and it felt like we may have found a couple of things that we can take to the next race. You can never tell just how much of an improvement something has been until you go through all the data, but the fact we’ve brought new parts that feel like a step forward is good. It shows we’re pushing as hard as we can and that’s what we need to do to achieve the goals this year.”
By now Dean has mercifully answered though I cannot fill him in on what is going down, and he is saying, “What ARE you talking about, Mo? Are you ok? Where ARE you?…”
Catania, Sicily Street Fashion:
There were a few evenings where were still up at the café talking until far too late and there was a big rush to feed the kids and shower before the sun set (it gets cold out there in our outdoor shower once the sun is gone!).
So Sunday is my last official day of being a smoker. I have been mentally preparing myself for 2 weeks now. Telling myself I am GOING to quit, everytime I smoke I curse the cigarette out telling it that I will not use it anymore after Sunday and just preparing myself in general that I can and will do this. I am scared to death more than anything. Scared of failing but how am I going to know if I will succeed if I don't try it? Worst case like my mom said I try and fail and I just have to try again. I am just hoping and praying for the best. I know the first few days and the first week is going to be the toughest but I have been putting a plan in place.
July 13 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
On the other hand, at close to two and a half hours long already, it’s hard to imagine how every detail could have been fit into the movie. So that’s understandable, I suppose.
So that when the darkness comes again,
2 (two) winners will be selected. Contest is open to US and Canadian residents only and will end 2/15/09 at midnight.
If you missed the post on how 2 pieces of furniture were married to make this cubby hole table you can see it here. It's pretty neat I think.
Daniel Defoe – The Ghost of Dorothy Dingley
I am the person who calls you after your mother, father, husband, wife, son, daughter dies. I am the person who helps you to get all the paperwork in order and helps make sure that the life insurance cheque gets delivered. It's not what I do all day but I always have at least one family on my desk, sometimes I have four and they are all hard.
Whatever the preference, the desired contact representative should be named in this section of the agreement. This to precludes uncontrolled communication between the parties. If the agreement is between parties who speaks different languages, they will need to state in the agreement the language to be used for communication.
gatherings across the land, to form a powerful network of new earth consciousness….something very unique is spreading
The jury heard police seized Ahmed’s laptop computer and found indecent images of girls aged 12 to14.
In Toronto, the Yinka Dene Alliance will take the Save the Fraser Declaration – which bans oil pipelines and tankers in the territories of more than 100 First Nations – directly to Enbridge’s leadership and the centre of financial power in Toronto, at Enbridge’s annual shareholders meeting. These oil pipelines and tankers threaten the very survival of First Nations peoples with devastating oil spills. That is why the Yinka Dene Alliance are taking this Freedom Train across Canada: to stand up for the freedom to live according to their own cultures, the freedom to govern themselves and their lands, and the freedom of all of us from the catastrophic risks of big oil and their inevitable oil spills.
Sea salt & freshly ground pepper to taste
Sellers
The deal between the shipyard based in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, and Australian mining magnate Clive Palmer to build Titanic II is music to the ears of China's shipbuilding industry, which is currently bogged in its lowest earnings slump in three years.
*** Link your project up to Mr. Linky, then leave a comment!
As I see it, the best things schools can do for kids is to help them learn how to distinguish useful talk from bullshit. I will ask only that you agree that every day in almost every way people are exposed to more bullshit than it is healthy for them to endure, and that if we can help them to recognize this fact, they might turn away from it and toward language that might do them some earthly good.
The birth of Bryce Lyn Spear was one of the most amazing and hardest times of my life. There was a lot of preparation that went into it but the most important moment during my entire pregnancy was when I was 5 months along and we decided to go to a free standing birth center and avoid a hospital birth completely. That was the best decision I have ever made. That started my journey of having a natural childbirth and I became obsessed in gaining as much knowledge as I could about midwifery and natural childbirth. Along the way I stumbled across a home course called Hypnobabies, which teaches you self-hypnosis and how to relax and manage pain during labor and childbirth. I studied that and listened to hypnosis tracks everyday during the last 3 months of my pregnancy. I truly believe that I would not have been able to do what I did without the help of Hypnobabies. It is an amazing tool and really works!
I use Archy (available on most addon sites), which in essence offers the basic information to you on your main UI screen. It shows the four digsites for the continent you’re on, as well as the current projects for the different races you have along with how many fragments and keystones for each one. Also, there is the option to make the digsite boundaries show up on your minimap, making it much easier to know where and where not to survey.
As the resourceful entrepreneur I am, I have of course turned this whole leap day thing into a successful business. I’ve spent the entire day proposing to men, and subsequently being rejected. In about 32 years I’ll have enough fabric to make a circus tent, and then I can
By caring for the reality of the white race and for its very survival Romadanovsky was, of course, guilty of the greater crime, and the entire weight of the Russian state descended upon him.
Tomorrow: Lasagne and chips
I quickly got up and showered and dressed. I hadnt felt this energized in months… hell, years! It was as if someone had given me a happy injection. I flung the back doors to my house open and looked down at the patio… drifting in the mid morning breeze was a large, snow white feather.
So, Cata began with Blizzard trying to give “missing” tools to other healers — AOE to paladins, single target strength to holy priests, etc — and ended up with some very lopsided results.
A new year though brings with it a new outlook and I decided to give that first ms another look.
The Lord initiated the Sabbath. The fourth commandment tells us that we are to take one day to rest each week. Following the lead of our Jewish brethren, we use this day to honor the resurrection and it is the Christian day of worship.
It was only 4:30 PM, and the dialogue went something like this:
5) Celery is the vegetable I would most like to become extinct (and if that's not possible I could quite happily live without parsnips or brussel sprouts).
David Santon went on a surging run before playing in Cisse, and the Senegalese teed himself up with his first touch to fire a stunning volley past Petr Cech.
In a chapter named “Abandoned Ship, Abandoned Survivors” it tells the heart-breaking and hear-warming story of what happened when duty clashes with the natural instincts of loyalty and compassion. In war, duty wins.
As for the new study, this doesn’t really support Mr Thomas’ conclusions either. As I mentioned (to quote from the article on the study) “the majority of genes have more than one stop-signal” which looks at first to be redundant and useless. That we can show that there is a strong reason for this doesn’t mean that the organism cannot evolve. Basically, Thomas does not succeed in backing up his conclusions:
1) In Faith-permeated organizations, faith is very important at all levels. Most staff share the organization’s faith commitments. ”Faith-saturated” programs involve explicit and extensive spiritual content integrated throughout the program.
What makes this sitcom so appealing is the cast. The actors and actresses in the show are all very talented. Of course, the fact that ‘Friends’ has many witty scriptwriters who give the cast wonderfully clever lines to say helps a lot!
Because my thought was not put inside.
Some of you will find the discussion of such things distasteful or even intolerant. If this is your position then you need to look at the implications. Muslims see Sharia Law as being the incontrovertible law of god. It is totally inflexible and their duty to impose it, and live by it, wherever they are able. If you find the mere discussion of the principles of Islam offensive then you have a problem.
Through the evening I hear about two men who went to the North Pole in the dead of winter and found open water where it should have been frozen, hence an impending global warming disaster. But they were dauntless explorers as they jumped in the water and swam from pack ice to pack ice.
They were still in a bit of a mourning process I guess, so they were talking about old memories & other things as they moved stuff, I remember walking to the entrance of their open apartment door to see if they needed help; but I think that they were outside putting something in an automobile(s) (I think that one or two other people drove up to talk with them and/or help them in the parking lot), so no one was in their apartment, and I remember seeing an old arcade system in their apartment as I stood in the doorway & it had the name of the game written on it in English that I could read but I do not remember what it said.
Or I might ask: How much grace have you been shown? What are the depths of your transgressions that God has forgiven and forgotten as far as the east is from the west? I don’t need to spill profound theology or philosophical thoughts on this matter. All I have to do is ask you to examine yourself: What has God forgiven you?
Zach’s moms, Jackie and Terry must be exceedingly proud of their son. It is also nice to know that should Zach, and whoever his future wife should be, have a gay child, that child will be loved and celebrated.
Has promised redemption
Steve Etherington joined us for the night and we enjoyed a great meal and too much wine! Needless to say there was much swapping of “there I was” stories and looking at each other’s photos. What a fantastic day we’d all had with Guy flying 95km, Neil about 65k, Ken a 25km triangle getting up to 7,000′ in a cloud, and me a 65km scenic tour which included a 22km triangle at the beginning!
I invite you to join me and see if I can ever become a fashionista or if I will stay the tomboy dancer in yoga pants.
Combine the 1/4 cup espresso and water in a small bowl. Place one of the chocolate layers, cut side up, on a cardboard cake round. Using a pastry brush, lightly moisten the layer with the expresso mixture. Spread a layer of mocha-flavored buttercream and shave it down to about 1/4" thick, bringing it to the edge of the layer.
The Guest of Honour of the event is Datuk Yee Moh Chai and wife who will light up the tree.
Free parking is available in our lot off Herbert Avenue
“And so you make examples out of people who are in this case not complying with the law,” he said.” Find people who are not complying with the law and you hit them as hard as you can and make examples of them.”
Some of you have asked advice on how to find an agent for your writing. Having been through seven of them over the years, I have some experience with this.
In the Collection of @infobunny
Theme: Food from China
Does this sound like the same Nadya? Her mother said the fascination started as a child and never subsided.
IMMORTAL DECISION is a 105,000-word urban fantasy debut. Thank you for your consideration.
John Stoddard, 1898
After writing about the iconic lemonade stand as a model with which to teach children about entrepreneurship, one of my readers asked if paper routes counted too. I hadn’t given that any thought, so I went to my first research stop, my friend Mr. Google. It seems that lemonade stands, paper routes, and babysitting have been recognized as the big three of early work experiences for kids, as they learn about earning money of their own. Lemonade stands have become the iconic entrepreneurial standard because they involve children embarking on their own venture, with its attendant risks and rewards, as opposed to paper routes and babysitting, where the child is learning responsibility and the value of work and reward of money, but is working for someone else.
The above passage assures us, that the energy saving we have is our potential energy. It will eventually turn into a visible result.
Building work is nearly finished on the creation of nine new plots at Redbridge Hollow.
Not feeling like a very good mother today.
b) it involves sprinkles
I am going to Paris!
04. Shanda Lea 2(2:58)
Thank you Carey for making such a fun devotional to help me with my walk and get focused on God first thing in the day and throughout the day as well. It reminds me that God craves a relationship with me, just like I should with him every day. Thank you for making me hungry to be in the ever so sweet presence of God.
Frequent bouts of constipation and/or diarrhea can be a warning sign/symptom of a number of conditions, such as IBS (Irritable Bowel Syndrome) and Celiac Disease. If diarrhea lasts for more than a week, it can cause an electrolyte imbalance due to all the potassium and sodium loss. If not treated properly, that imbalance can lead to death. Listen to your poop and see your general practitioner if any of the above is the case.
For tonight’s dinner you can layer this pasta and sauce mixture in a baking dish with mozzarella cheese. First, crack a pastured egg into the pasta and combine. Next stir in some cooked spinach or broccoli rabe, add some shredded mozzarella or grated Parmesan. Stir to combine all. Top with more sauce, a sprinkle of Panko if you have it and more shredded cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 – 30 minutes, depending on the size of your pan. Keep an eye on it. When the cheese on top is browned and bubbly, it’s ready to come out! Enjoy tonight’s comforting dinner while resting easy knowing you’ve got ready-to-eat, homemade meals in the freezer. Who says saving up for a rainy day is hard to do? You’ve got this covered.
It looks much better than it did before though. I'm happy it's not screaming out "hey, look at me, I don't match". Because that, my friends, was getting annoying.
While myself and a lot of the other people ridiculed me on a daily basis on my team's performances, people who read my blog had no problem complimenting my writing and complimenting me as a father, and with it, I felt good about myself again.
There is one mystery kid, though. Kirby has complained that except during D&D games, he seems to have nothing to say. He was here this weekend. He's sixteen and he does go to school. I'll call him Joe (because that's not his name). He was up waiting for several other houseguests or my boys to wake up. I offered him cereal if he didn't want to wait for waffles; he fixed some. He wandered downstairs. Holly was in the den, where maybe 100 bought videos are visible, and two gaming systems. We have a dog and a yard. We have books, games, and toys. He told Holly "This house is really boring in the morning."
So, for the past 9 weeks I have been doing the Bar Method. I participated in their 3/60 program which documented 3 individuals on their journey through the method over the course of 60 days. The program required that we attend class 3-5 days a week and then share our weekly experience. I have to say, it has been the best thing I have done through this entire pregnancy. Although my stomach isn't shrinking (obviously), I feel like I have really toned up my arms and have kept everything else "in check" over the past few months.
Officials say the mother confessed to the attack after being confronted with autopsy results. She told deputies she was concerned about her son, but ate pizza and watched a movie with her boyfriend after the Monday night beating.
Also on CNNGo: World’s 50 best dive sites
"This is a surprisingly common one. Many did not realise until the end that happiness is a choice. They had stayed stuck in old patterns and habits. The so-called 'comfort' of familiarity overflowed into their emotions, as well as their physical lives. Fear of change had them pretending to others, and to their selves, that they were content, when deep within, they longed to laugh properly and have silliness in their life again."
If I had to sum it all up right now, I'd say that unschooling is trusting children to learn from their environment, what they need to know when they need to know it. It's knowing that everything, every idea, every action leads to something else, to something new or revisiting something old that's new again. It's knowing deeply that kids that are happy and trusted will learn better and easier than kids who aren't. It's following rabbit trails that are interesting and stopping and checking things out, collecting ideas and information, and continuing onward, possibly finding the rabbit at the end and possibly ending at the river and following that instead.
Construction companies use the plywood because it is inexpensive, and they replace fences every few months when the elements break them down.
MBR: I really don't. I love them all for different reasons. When I'm working on one, I think it's the most horrible thing ever, but then I fine tune it and begin to love it, and by the time it's done, I'm proud of it.
Democracy: The first Prime Minister in our history found in contempt of Parliament, Harper limits media questions to five per meeting. Harper also forces his backbenchers to always vote in line. Harper campaigned on transparency and fewer appointments to Senate, yet has made the most appointments in history, killed the Freedom to Information Act swiftly and quietly, prorogued government to avoid democratic processes which include coalitions (yep, they’re very legal; Harper even tried to use one to his advantage against the Liberals)… Oh, and did I mention his wealthy party attempting to castrate smaller parties – thereby hampering democracy – by removing the stipend each party gets from the government per vote received during an election? That’s right; Harper’s Goverment (because it’s not our country’s government, anymore; just check the papers) feels that I do not have the right to dictate that a whopping $2 and change of MY taxes go to the party I have chosen to represent ME. And then, we have those pesky police investigations showing that the Cons violated election spending laws in a previous go-round – essentially buying the election, as proven and upheld in the Appeals Court. Hmm….
Her instant dance was also better than expected. I thought she would have the most trouble, because she tends to over-prepare and get out of sorts if anything goes awry. She held it together and performed, what looked to be, a very fast tempo, technically demanding jive.
Thanks to the Ohio Genealogy Research Community on Facebook, I found out that John Slatter (hubby's g-grandpa), born in England, was a paper hanger/cleaner in Cleveland, Ohio from about 1887-1901 (when John died). I had hit a brickwall on Slatter's life in Ohio and especially his 2d wife, and I posted a note to this Facebook page. Derek answered, suggesting I check Cleveland city directories (on Fold3). I did, and jackpot! Thanks, Derek.
The left side, the upper left hand corner is pulled down and folded over towards the center.
Because of active compounds contained, peppermint & spearmint have sedative, disinfectant and cicatrizing properties. They can be successfully used in gastro-intestinal disorders, helps the liver and calms indigestion. Mint and spearmint contains menthol, menthone, menthofuran, a-pinene, limonene, cardinene, acetic aldehide, isovaleriana, vitamin C and antibiotic substances that have been used for centuries as a natural remedy to ease or “possibly” cure disease, cancer and infection throughout the body.
3. She has self published and sold some patterns.
Paper:
It comes to $49.00.
feat. Hasan Salaam & Rugged N Raw
One of my absolute pet peeves would have to be a dirty and untidy fridge. It is certainly a job that I do try to tend to on a very regular basis, be it wiping the shelves or discarding food leftovers that have been in their too long. But I've never come up with a good solution for lining the containers/shelves on the fridge door. After being taken in and out and placed onto a not always spotless bench during breakfast etc the bottom of the bottles/jars/containers end up grubby and sticky and leave residual gunk in the shelf beneath them in the fridge - yuk! I've tried lining them with paper towel and even brown paper but the OCD in me, hates this because they don't adhere to the shelf properly and taping them would be a sticky mess, and then I end up having to replace it more often than not.
Corn flour, 1 table spoon
I stumbled upon this slinky little number in a roundabout fashion at 5am this morning, having woken from a slew of nightmares one of which featured a bag of flesh hungry caterpillars and a lady appearing in my toilet, warning me not to eat the chicken at my local Chinese take away.
BF: Yes. It was Pentagon white hats saying to the elite, “You’re not going to destroy the surface of the planet and escape yourselves.
Sobe bronzer - summer fling (applied to cheek bones and blending back toward the hair line)
‘Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.’
He lifted his hand to knock, and found it trembling.
Put 4 cups flour, remaining ¼ cup sugar, and the salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add yeast mixture; mix on medium speed until combined. Add 8 eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition; mix until well combined, about 2 minutes. Replace paddle with dough hook. Mix on medium speed 2 minutes.
It also reminds me that there is hope in God, and that although we have been through trials and tribulation our ability to share our testimony will allow us room to recreate ourselves, and prepare for destiny. Everything that we do in life, is a portion of what is to come of our calling, and if we can be the sacrifice to prevents others from having this same story, then waking up each morning is absolutely worth it.
The car reeked of sex
It may be their crisis, but it’s our problem.
Mount Tambora is an active volcano on the Sumbawa islands, Indonesia. Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust, and Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it. This raised Mount Tambora as high as 4,300 m (14,000 ft), making it one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago, and drained off a large magma chamber inside the mountain. It took decades to refill the magma chamber, its volcanic activity reaching its peak in April 1815. Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI), making it the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in about 180 BC. The 1815 eruption of Tambora was the largest volcanic eruption in recorded history. The explosion was heard on Sumatra island, more than 2,000 km or 1,200 miles, away. Heavy volcanic ash falls were observed as far away as Borneo, Sulawesi, Java and Maluku islands. Most deaths from the eruption were from starvation and disease, as the eruptive fallout ruined agricultural productivity in the local region. The death toll was at least 71,000 people (perhaps the most deadly eruption in history), of whom 12,000 were killed directly by the eruption. The eruption created global climate anomalies; 1816 became known as the “Year Without a Summer” because of the effect on North American and European weather. Agricultural crops failed and livestock died in much of the Northern Hemisphere, resulting in the worst famine of the 19th century.
Again, though, the "mostly" conceals more truth than the "false" part of the assessment reveals. PolitiFact does mention in passing the critical fact that Lehmberg "left private law practice to join the DA’s office in 1976. The entry continues: 'Rosemary began her career with the district attorney working with the Grand Jury and then as a trial attorney in the 167th District Court, presided over by Judge Tom Blackwell. She later became chief of that court and then the chief of the Trial Division. She has served as the chief of the Career Criminal, Major Crimes and Public Integrity Divisions.'"
Perhaps best known for Excerpt from a Teenage Opera (aka Grocer Jack), Keith West was quite the songsmith in the late 60's. He begun his musical journey in a band called the In Crowd before joining the acclaimed psychedelic group Tomorrow alongside Steve Howe of Yes. I have to admit I'm not a huge fan of Tomorrow, but their remastered album "Tomorrow" features a selection of Keith's tunes which it is worth the buying just for those! Eagle eyed viewers (or geeks like myself) will also have spotted this band in the Pie Shop scene in "Smashing Time". A brilliant best of album "Excerpts from Groups & Sessions" is also available.
ZPYSK Blog (zpyskblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
This is a reflection on the stories surrounding Measure E:
By this point a good cry had been coming for quite a while so I just sobbed and sang, lifting my hands to Jesus and confessing my inadequacy.
“The man was taken to a police station in Wrexham where he was interviewed about the allegations. He currently remains in police custody.”
During NaNo, author Erin Morgenstern gave a pep talk that mentioned sending her characters to the circus when she got bored with her NaNo novel. In case you don’t know her, Erin is the best-selling author of The Night Circus. Ahem.
While these roommates may be considered the odd couple at Wildlife Safari, caretakers says it's like nothing they've ever seen.
Thus begins the vicious sugar cycle.
Hopefully, my next blog post will be an announcement of babies!
“. . . this is for Sandy. Christ’s redemption of women is beautiful. Beautiful Womanhood is a result of redemptive wholeness. The visuals the ministry uses on the books, etc., are like a piece of beautifully veneered furniture. There is something going on with the ministry to the brokenness of abused women. In Uganda, there are hurting, abused women, and something is connecting their need and Beautiful Womanhood. Though there is nothing wrong with veneer, it is only the topping—the covering, and without good structure it is shallow and will not hold up. It is time to add a new depth to the ministry.”
There are plenty of Christmas light displays here, but for whatever reason, he never seems that interested in going to see them.
There were three key women in Rossetti’s life: his wife, Cornforth and Jane Burden, later Jane Morris by marriage to Rossetti’s friend William Morris. All three featured both in Rossetti’s art and poetry. Lizzie was the “heavenly lady” with the ethereal face and long, auburn hair, the embodiment of Beatrice in the painting. She was the divine beauty of the soul and personified Rossetti’s belief in the salvific nature of romantic love. Cornforth was another great influence on the poet. Legend has it that he met Cornforth in 1856 while she was standing on a street corner in Strand cracking nuts with her teeth. He was attracted to her blond “yellow-harvest” hair and her voluptuous carnality; she therefore came to represent the sinful image of the woman ripe and venal. She liberated Rossetti form the idea of virginal muliebrity, instead offering him a release and sexual satisfaction. The last of the women in Rossetti’s artistic demimonde is Jane Burden Morris. According to some historians, Burden Morris served as a nexus for all of Rossetti’s fantasies. The two met in Oxford in 1857 when she posed as a model for Rossetti’s Oxford Union murals. She later married Morris, but continued to pose for Rossetti and was his muse from 1866 until his death. Rossetti once wrote of Burden Morris: “Beauty like hers is genius”. Their illicit affair, which ceased eventually due to scandal, left Rossetti in adverse mental health. The break, and the fact that he could no longer see Burden Morris, precipitated Rossetti’s chloral hydrate abuse, turning him into an image of a tortured artist but more accurately into a mentally ill addict. Rossetti’s wellbeing was further debilitated by Buchanan’s critique of his poetry and representations of him as a sybaritic reprobate. This together with Rossetti’ deteriorating eyesight, chronic fear of blindness, several suicide attempts and indulgence in drugs led to the poet’s in 1882. The official cause being a stroke and kidney failure.
Joshua Evans is from Calgary and has since returned to work. A second court date is scheduled on July 19th. I imagine this will cost some money to fly or drive back to Vancouver. This whole system of having to clear one’s name is going to cost Joshua personally and all of us in taxpayer money. So while I’ve placed Joshua Evans within the confines of my blog to openly declare that I believe he’s a hero, our court system has to go thru these proceedings and at cost for him to clear his name.
I think I’m at the edge now but I could be wrong
William Brown, owner retired of 7-Eleven Stores, was also awarded the Life Member honor. Brown is a financial supporter both personally and through his business, 7-Eleven – the largest single donor to The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Area Command.
Captain J Smith went down with the ship so did Thomas Andrews and most of the Titanic’s crew. As the story goes, the magnitude of the cross culture, which was practiced onboard, was cast aside at the instant of the tragedy. First class passengers especially the men were helping the children and women of third class into the boats. This includes John Jacob Astor who was the wealthiest man onboard the Titanic whose net worth is estimated at $2.8 billion dollars as per 2012. After helping his 19-year-old pregnant wife into the lifeboat, he wasted no time in helping the rest of the passengers. Many first class passengers who were portrayed as arrogant self-righteous kind of people became the true heroes of the night. Captain Smith and Andrews were also seen on the boat loading decks helping as many women and children into the boats and risked their lives as they died with the Titanic.
In Disney's Lilo & Stitch, Lilo and Nani's last name is Pelekai.
Lumpyhead decided he wanted to be a dragon for Halloween, a gold dragon, so I stayed up all night last Friday sewing a costume. I produced one that was waaaayy too small. A few alterations made it wearable - a little lame, but wearable - and once Bump figures out the portable minifan/flashlight/fire-breathing part of the costume, Lumpyhead will be ready for Trick or Treating.
- A wise guy, Smurf Village, 28/3/2012 08:32
In psychology this week, we’ve been talking a lot about how we learn: intuition, personal experience, reason, and the scientific method. In psychology, science is, of course, the most important (who would take medication that ‘felt right’ or try some pill a friend whipped up in their kitchen and recommended saying ‘it cured my cancer’), but in writing, it’s the opposite.
Things seem to be looking up, or at least getting back to normal. On Saturday, Party Guy called about half an hour after I'd made plans to meet Southerner at 9pm for dancing, so I told him I was free before then. He suggested 7pm for drinks. Of course, it was St. Patrick's Day, and the place he'd picked had a line when I arrived. Mr. LOC was on line, standing very close to a woman, then rubbing her shoulders. I said hi from a distance but I didn't approach because I wasn't sure I'd recognize Party Guy immediately and didn't want to be awkward.
UPDATE ON THE FIRST LADY FOR YOUR INFORMATION 10/1/11
Now we’re tired and lonely and out of a home.
Symphonies 7 & 8
05-I'm Tore Down
She never does that.
“… According to the fascist-traditionalists, to write haiku without kigo meant anti-tradition, which in turn meant anti-Imperial order and high treason. …
I didn’t go to a pool once this past summer. I went to the beach with my friends Lauren and Rachel on the 4th of July, though. We all shared a blanket, ate fruit, and drank sangria out of the plastic flag cups that my mom had bought years ago. Although we had spent what seemed like hours searching for parking, then getting snacks, then walking to the beach, by the time we were on the blanket it didn’t matter. I wondered why I didn’t go to the beach every weekend and sprawl out on a blanket.
I encourage you to go visit IndigoBlu.com. All stamps are on sale right now with their introductory pricing, but that won't last forever, and the designs are all wonderful! In addition to the introductory discount, the Head Honcho Alfie says
Wall - pastel beige
As Spring peers through the clouds every now and then I am feel myself being drawn to pinks and yellows.
2: Heartbreaker
As you can see, you can’t lose here. Take it for a trial, if you don’t like the product just ask for your money back.
Anyway … my dedication to you baby boy
If we connect with someone at an early stage of our life and then begin to experience changes in values and ideals, it is very possible that our partner may not be able to make the same changes. This creates problems for both.
Let’s just say that a great deal of our global climate change is, indeed, coming from external sources, such as modulations in the sun’s solar flares, perhaps some unknown element coming in from far more distant stellar influences, etc. Let’s just say we accept that. Okay, so, we have all of these complex and out of our control elements influencing our fragile, tiny planet.
Dear little friend of mine, I never knew.
Precious. She has doubled in length since she first joined our family and her lean little body is sprawled across her bed, reminding me that time continues to pass without my noticing. In my darkened bedroom, her profile shows three curls, Daisy Duck eyelashes in the front, a curlicue topknot on her forehead, and a ducktail at the nape of her neck. One rosy and chubby cheek lies on her bed; the other faces me, begging to be touched.
We met Deborah, owner of the Applegate Valley Lavender Farm, who was kind enough to let us take a look even though they weren't open for tours that day! She showed us around, explained the different types of lavender and how to grow and take care of them, and let us pick a huge bunch for only $5! We talked about baking with lavender, bought a variety of lavender products, and took some pictures at the lovely farm.
Spread/glaze some egg yolk on top of the tarts and bake them in the oven for about 20-25 mins or until golden brown at 180 degrees C.
“And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty).”
Then, place the stuffed cabbage wrap on the sizzling plate/tava.Mix one tablespoon oil and one tablespoon water and spread over the stuffed cabbage to get the sizzling effect.
On a Sunday at the end of July (more anon) Radio 4 will be presenting a new 4-part series called Poetry Workshop. Hosted by Ruth Padel, each session will be offered from a different part of the country.
Here is some more information about this book you might find helpful.
Father: "Hmmm. That's strange. I could swear I saw her name in the bridal announcements last Sunday. It must have been a mistake, although I thought I saw her the other day having dinner with an older fellow. Then again, the hair wasn't the same."
I'm excited that I found a few new blogs to follow and hopefully become "blog friends" with. This is one of my favorite parts of blogging. I wouldn't say I "blog for comments" but I do think that finding connections like this is so much fun!
Katrina, an older Australian girl, once took a handful of rough, small stones and scrubbed furiously at my neck with them as punishment for claiming that photographic evidence from our homelands proved that the Irish rugby players of the 1991 World Cup squad were clearly better-looking than the Aussie Rules players of the same vintage. An admittedly bold statement, born out of a blend of national pride and awkward nine year-old flirting, I guess.
...well, actually they both are cool. But every once in a while, there is an anecdote that bears repeating. Tomorrow is their 6th birthday - that is, 6 years since that fateful night when they cut my kids out of my stomach. It's been an amazing adventure - not easy of course, but parenthood isn't supposed to be easy. But 21 surgeries, 4 shunts, visual impairment, blindness and seizures in foreign countries all add up to some pretty thick skin but also some very good life lessons.
looking beyond the dried up earth,
Wow, you're really going to shut up right after I tell you too? That's never happened before.
anything but this
- taking out the trash often even if it isn't full
One common criticism is that L1 can’t be used in multilingual classes, but a quick show of hands immediately showed us that monolingual classes are in fact the majority.
but i am grateful for this weather. i am so grateful for a mild winter. this winter we came into prepared enough but not completely comfortable with the housing and pens we had set up for the animals. neither of us were totally sure how things would work out. and now because of the lack of snow our chickens are still able to go outside. bella has been able to spend all but a handful of nights sleeping at the mouth of the pigs' hut. we haven't had any problems with frostbite on the roosters' combs. we haven't had to visit the farm in the middle of the night to stoke the woodstove.
in a night sky
You are so confident that every woman you have met could not give you what you wanted. But what was it that you wanted in the first place? Once you are sure of what you want, you will know exactly what to look for in your woman. What are the qualities that you feel are necessary in a person? What are the attributes you are willing to make a compromise on? Have you thought about all these?
Saturated Fat: 0.0 g 0.1%
exclusivity of the gospel, President Carter said a couple of very interesting things. For instance, he speaks very specifically of the fact that he believes that a personal faith and knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ is, as he said, necessary for full salvation. For full salvation and acceptance before God. He went on and said though, “However, those who never hear will be judged upon their faithfulness in some sense to what they do though.” And he said that “He will not consign them to hell.” Well, the good news for both Jimmy Carter and Albert Mohler is that neither of us is the divine judge. However, I believe that scripture very clearly does say that there is a dual destiny. The differentiation of which has to do solely with whether one has come to a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. The apostle Paul in Romans 10 says that “All who call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.” But then it makes very clear that those who are saved are those who indeed hear the gospel and respond to it and believe. “Faith comes by hearing,” says Paul, “and hearing by the word of
the correct path opens up before me.
The serpent’s seductions.
My 100 year old bed is too high for Sampson to jump up on and he waits patiently for me to get him down. He likes to sleep in and isn't in a hurry to eat his breakfast. He'd rather get up in our chair, the over-sized velvety recliner filled with pillows and and a soft purple cover. While he settles in I finally go back into the kitchen to make my coffee. It is now 8:45. The animals are all fed and cared for before the beans are ground, and in the moment when I scoop coffee beans out of the bag and into the grinder I am suspended in a kind of bliss, the pungent fragrance of the freshly roasted beans a subtle awakening of the senses. I fill the espresso machine with water, I watch it drip into the pot, I froth the milk and pour first epresso then foamy milk into an oversized mug. The next moment lingers, stretches out over timeless time as the second hand of the clock clicks from one second to the next. In bliss I have taken my first sip of coffee. There is foam on the tip of my nose.
A part of me wasn’t ready to let go of the pre-mommy me. I realize now that I’m a much better me and can’t imagine our life without Celeste, yet in those first few weeks, deep down inside, there was a part of me that didn’t want to let go of the me from 20 – 36. I remember one day in particular, probably around 7 weeks after giving birth, I was home alone with Celeste, my husband had gone back to work, and it was one of those days where I was going from one continous cycle of feeding, burping, changing diaper…feeding, burping, changing diaper, over and over. I was exhausted and cranky and went to the restroom and saw my disheveled look, my body looked warped, every part of me was aching and healing and I started to get tears in my eyes, and then, as I glanced in the mirror again I saw out of the corner of my eye the reflection of one of our wedding pictures from the wall behind me in the hallway, and I burst into tears. And I thought…where is that person in this new one? I was definitely not ready to say goodbye!
sesame oil, egg,sugar, garlic and cabbage.
This is a post about one of the ways I find poetry . . . or vice versa.
Which is why I am so excited that this weekend, the Hubs and I are off on our annual ski trip to Keystone, Colorado. This trip is one of my favorite annual traditions- family, food, skiing, a little spa time... what could be better?
Imran Khan, rightly questioned when Pakistan helped US in the operation, then why didn’t ISI conduct this operation.Pakistan is facing criticizm from its own country men.This operation has further more defamed their country.America is spending billions for war against terrorism but who knows the same money might have been used to build huge walls safeguarding the same terrorists..
That’s a strange title isn’t it? I heard that term while taking a tour of a brothel museum and, through my travels and research, have not seen or heard that term since. The owner of the museum threw it out there and, I assume, made it up. However, it is a good way to describe the experience of many in the Red Light Districts of the American West. When people hear the word Victorian, they think of a historical era of proper manners, speech, fashion and writing; a time of economic prosperity and technological advancement. Of course, brothelese brings to mind houses of prostitution. Put those two words together, and you have a good start at understanding the brothels that I have studied.
"We expect that six to eight wells to be drilled in Namibia's waters in the next 18 months, the highest number in Namibia's exploration history," he said.
Everything will be alright though. You know why? Because I know Limehouse Blues was Jacqueline Kennedy's favorite song when she was a Deb. I copied it down when I was at the Kennedy Library while in Boston. Nerd alert!
Well, is he?
OBSTACLES: It’s been nearly a decade since the last one; can they recapture the magic?
But here’s something that I will definitely be doing in the future : Writing exercises
On the first point, the apolitical appointments continue a trend that began with the appointment of Diarra himself, who was an astrophysicist prior to his entry into politics. Yet if the intention of the interim government’s leaders is to project an image that their government is above politics, the appointments have not been received that way – the Malian press reports objections to the new government’s composition from both pro- and anti-coup political factions (French), and says that the process of forming the government has brought Diarra (French) face to face with “the reality of public life.” Assembling a government without including members of major political parties is a deeply political decision, one that could alienate people whose support the interim government might want.
Normally this wouldn't be a strange thing, but I was driving on a highway going about 65 mph, so, I couldn't believe the dove was able to stay on the windshield without being blown off. Maybe that's normal or not strange at all, but, at that moment, I felt a sense of calm come over me that I'd never experienced before. I decided from then on, whenever I would see a dove, that was my way of knowing that my dad was still with me in spirit, watching over me. Maybe it's silly, but I guess when we lose those closest to us, we do these things to make ourselves feel better or ease our pain a little.
02-Flee-Rekkers - Stage To Cimarron
This will allow us to give the constituents a better service in dealing with problems they have.
white candle(s)
For there to be true hope in the face of suffering, there must be a chance for healing. Cure can be temporary. Healing is eternal. Suffering can take many forms. Sickness, disease, poverty, hunger, despair, loneliness. It is all suffering. It is all pain. In the midst of suffering, hope can seem very far away. There are many times in life when cure and healing seem to overlap. If you are hungry, the cure is food. If you are sick, a cure is health. Yet seeking cure is sometimes treating a symptom.
Burbank, California, January 4, 2012 – On January 31, 2012, The Walt Disney Studios proudly distribute Treasure Buddies, a new film for the whole family on Blu-ray ™, DVD and Digital. This 6 th film in the franchise’s Buddies starring everyone’s favorite, talking canine superstars Rosebud, B-Dawg, Budderball, Buddha and Mudbud. The band of puppies on a journey to the mysterious Egypt in search of the greatest treasure of the animal world, the legendary Cat’s Eye jewel lost treasure Cleocatra. Danger lurks in every sphinx secret crypt cryptic and mysterious pyramids as Ubasti, an evil cat, plans to take over the legendary jewel and use its powerful energy to remove the dogs on the planet! With the help of his lovely new friends, a baby camel and a mischievous monkey named Babi, the gang and their new friends evade traps, solve puzzles and explore a mysterious tomb in the most exciting and challenging expedition who have lived so far.
The evening goes much like the evening before. I’m fed. I sleep on the soft bed they’ve given me.
She seem'd a splendid angel, newly drest,
Derwent Press presents what they do extremely well and concisely. The product of their services—the author’s books—are given large prominence on their website. Authors interested in Derwent Press would be advised to firstly follow their own offered advice.
Hi everyone! Today I have a beauty from the OPI Amazing Spiderman Collection to show you! This is two coats of OPI Number One Nemesis with NYC top coat. This polish is a beautiful charcoal shimmer with flashes of green. It is the gray cousin of OPI Warm and Fozzie, which is one of my favorite polishes ever!
Cordelia is searching for the father she’s never known, a man as infamous for his wild parties as he is for his shadowy schemes. Overnight, she enters a world more thrilling and glamorous than she ever could have imagined and more dangerous. It’s a life anyone would kill for . . . and someone will.
After completing hospital formalities her father, Mr.Sabir brought Hina’s body home.
Its only OK to express myself if I do it His way. Expressing myself through means He doesn’t like, like sex, is worthy of my painful death.
So today I decided to make it for him, and DAMN it was delicious. I guess Rachael Ray knows what she's doing ;)
LONDON, June 19 (Reuters) – British peace campaigner Brian Haw, who lived and slept outside the Houses of Parliament in London for a decade to protest against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, has died of cancer, his family said on Sunday. He was 62.
#9. Angelo Taylor – “Been there, done that!”
It makes me feel quite giddy but then I come back down to earth with a bump – I don’t actually have a Kindle and will have to hope that the cover of this well hyped book is very discreet or I’ll just have to do what I did as a teenager – and get a bigger book to hide it!
It is his weekend time to drink a pot of coffee, and get caught up on email and the blog,
National Honor Society will meet in 103 after school on Wednesday 4/25.
Lettuce, Red Leaf
elixir ultime is an extraordinary blend of beautifying oils created to provide extra softness and nourishment. immediately after application to the hair, the elixir deep conditions while smoothing the hair fibers, resulting in incredible shine. a small amount of elixir ultime goes a long way in the hair, and will not weigh hair down. this product is suitable for all hair types.
Here’s a list of books I’m working on for our Summer 2012 season. I have a limited number of galleys but feel free to request. As review copies become available each title will have its own page. Please follow Books on Tap on Facebook for updates. Please email me at Gabrielle.Gantz [at] us.penguingroup.com to be included on a book’s mailing list. More information about these titles will be posted as it becomes available.
Another important bit of background information to grapple with for a novice is the idea that planets get in different moods depending on what houses they own. So you can have a benefic in a really “bad mood” if they own difficult houses in the chart. Visa versa, you can have a malefic in a very “good mood”. For example when Capricorn rises, Jupiter owns a “bad house” (the 12th), and this puts him in a “bad mood”. Jupiter is always a gentle and benefic planet, but for some rising signs he is in better moods then others.
The prevailing sentiment is that of an accumulation of lost opportunities: regret that the Kim Ki-young did not live to complete what was to have been his ‘comeback’ film, Diabolical Woman; regret at not having had the occasion to speak with the director, or in the case of Bong Joon-ho, not realizing at the time he was filming The Host that one of his actresses had actually worked alongside Kim. Some of them acknowledged their indebtedness to the director, including Kim Ji-woon and Park Jin-pyo, both of whom adapted scenes of his for use in their own films. In addition to scenes from films included in the set, are clips from numerous other of Kim’s films from the 70s and 80s, as well as from The Housemaid. The directors are nicely photographed, presumably in their studio offices. Special mention must be made of the grammatically correct, idiomatic English subtitles, the best of the set.
When the adversary (enemy) is telling you what is not happening in your life, tell him of God’s blessings upon your life. You are a child of the most high. Your heavenly father works best in a mess; that’s why you will refuse to be stress and depressed! Your mess is your evidence to the greatness of your father for you to bear witness to others. I am here to tell you if you don’t tell people tell people who you are, they will surely, tell you who you are NOT. The devil is a liar and has no power over my life, your life. He doesn’t have the authority to shut heaven down or earth. God created the heavens and the earth!
Then she smiled a sweet smile and said, "Well, I want a big wedding".
I'm especially excited about the green linen curtains and the pretty tangerine fabric for the chairs. Nicole already has some great quirky, sculptural pieces and awesome DIY arched bookshelves inspired by these from Little Green Notebook. I can't wait to see it all come together!
According to Federal News Radio reporter Jared Serbu, the Navy’s Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command is contemplating “a public-private data center model to consolidate the dozens of facilities operated by the Navy and Marine Corps into a more rational footprint, as well as a commercial solution to cloud-based email and collaboration.”
-Ia large skillet or sauté pan, cook the ground meat over medium-high heat until no longer pink. A few minutes before the meat is cooked through, add the chopped onion to the skillet. Once the meat is cooked through, mix in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Striking out in California, I decided to hop the pond and see what Bordeaux had to offer. I recognized several chateaux and regions, and ultimately concluded that the reputable 2005 vintage couldn’t be bad. And it wasn’t.
The Owl and the Pussycat went to sea
She had the following exchange with also-liberal Alan Colmes about the abject hypocrisy that is the National Organization of Women:
Reprieve Director Clive Stafford Smith said:
Seth Apter While not technically a technique, the first thing that comes to mind is a daily visual journal. This is something that I have wanted to start but have just not yet had the time. Among other benefits, I see it as a playground to try many new techniques.
317 8. Endorsement, “Great and Extraordinary Occasions”: Developing Guidelines for Constitutional Change (New York: The Century Foundation Press, 1999), p. xii. See Item E-IV/22/1995, below.
It isn’t real. No matter what happens…
So now here’s the Jones Harvest new letters sent to all the former Airleaf mailing list:
i have added an empty plastic bin on the top that i throw clothes in that are outgrown between seasons, or holiday clothes that need to be put away. i am not dragging out that box on the bottom just to put away one halloween shirt. so, i throw it in the empty bin and when spring comes and i'm "rotating" clothes, i'll put away whatever is in the empty bin at that time. this saves me from having random piles in the laundry room of "i don't know what to do with these clothes right now" clothes.
- CHARLOTTE TAYLOR SS11 shown at LFW as a Ones to Watch with VFS
– Shift your focus to Christ crucified, risen, and ascended.When guilt persists, remember where Jesus is and where he’s been. He has been upon the cross, where he spoiled all that can ruin us. He’s now upon the throne of heaven, as our advocate and mediator. His state in glory doesn’t make him neglectful or scornful of the guilty sinners he died to redeem. He has the same heart now in heaven as he had upon the cross.
David Cooper TOR R 20
This Romney/Gingrich Theory just took on more juice as the word from Fox News is that Gingrich will stay in the race to the bitter end, even if he continues to loose – the only one that Newt Gingrich is helping in doing this is Romney – Gingrich’s voters would most likely split, but the majority going towards Santorum, given Santorum the edge.
Really? She ended her relationship with a PREACHER for a liar like you? Really?!
But it's ok, because motherhood is a higher calling. I know that.
clove, nutmeg, allspice, ginger (I just sprinkle these over the dry ingredients, it’s probably about 1/4-1/2 t of each )
Me: Can I help you with something?
What can wash away my sins? asks one such hymn.
For now I would like to thank Mr. Conte for his comments, and would love to hear from USADA and/or WADA regarding their side of the Conte conversation.
A 3-hour historic walking tour of Bushwick is being offered on Saturdays May 5 and May 12 by John Dereszewski, who was district manager of Bushwick's community board during the 1970s.
There are roughly 183 people competing in the $50k Contest and about 40 competing in the Barbiezz,
1) Answer the questions on your own blog.
I was perusing the Park & Bond sale the other day when I came across a nice checked shirt by Vince with a spring touch to it – an anchor pattern that wouldn’t look out of place on linen or seersucker clothing. Amazingly this shirt was 80% off AND they still had the size Medium in stock. As you may recall from my previous post, I’ve got exceptionally long arms (36 inch sleeves) which makes buying standard sized shirts an exercise in futility – either the shirt will end at my wrists or I’ll have something something billowier than muumuu. I was pleasantly surprised when the shirt arrived and it not only gave me a workable sleeve length, but the shirt was well sized around the torso. As much as I love my tailor, it isn’t easy on the wallet to have shirts taken in so there’s no obnoxious poof when shirts are tucked in. As a bonus the ladies definitely liked the shirt – its a winning day when you get multiple compliments on your attire. You mean I don’t have to blow the bank to get attention? Sign me up!
Five days later, John died. Nolan killed John and Sam.
I know The Boot & Flogger in Southwark rather well – a fine establishment for getting seriously over refreshed and for the seriously over refreshed!
So, following the much trumpeted Apple announcement out of San Francisco earlier this week, we’ve learned that the world according to Steve Jobs has decided that we now ‘need’ a ‘new’ social networking gadget; one designed to help us all in our (apparently ongoing) quest to ‘share’ music one with another.
Then….step three is to nominate 7 people to do likewise, so no fair ducking and hiding or pretending you don’t hear me asking you to do this…besides its harmless fun!
But first, lest anyone think I am soft, here is a photo from my morning ride yesterday that clearly shows I am at altitude, well above the clouds.
The next morning the old woman went out to look at the mortar, and was so ashamed of its appearance she thought she would clean it up. She dug out the rubbish and spread it under her tea bushes, then she drew water from the well and washed the mortar, also pooring the muddied water under her tea bushes. When she was finished she was happy to think that her strange guest of the following evening would be pleasantly surprised.
So as you probably noticed, I’ve been a bit quiet recently! Still off the bike after my spill 7 weeks ago, but healing well (if slowly).
Beatrice Shilling OBE, PhD, MSc, CEng was a highly talented aeronautical engineer - and motorcycle racer, gaining a Gold Star at Brooklands for her 106mph lap. She became hugely famous when she found an elegantly simple cure for the engine cutting-out problems experienced by Spitfire and Hurricane pilots when making extreme turns. It was a simple fuel-restriction device, like a washer with a needle valve, that was fitted into the SU carburettor and solved (nearly) the problem until pressurised carburettors were fitted to the Merlin engine. The little device became known as "Tilly's orifice" - and many of our brave fighter pilots owed their life to it.
I don't understand how Jennifer Lawerence can be 'too big'. In The Hunger Game she shows a strong young woman - both mentally and physically - a great role model for young girls in my opinion.
Edward Artemiev and sung by the excellent singer
Even if you think that Shermer’s demonstration isn’t quite as convincing as someone you’ve seen who claims to be genuinely using the first method (the fork thing isn’t all that subtle, for instance), it still seems possible that someone with their mental faculties grossly intact could still be fooled. If Shermer were unscrupulous enough to attach grandiose claims of psychic mastery to his techniques, and maybe hammed up the performance a bit, it could be moderately persuasive. The kind of people who might find it plausible wouldn’t have to be stupid or clueless at all, just like Uri Geller’s millions of fans aren’t all dribbling idiots. A lot of them are adequately functioning members of society.
But, back to the book - my favorite reading material is Spiritual writing. I've read lots and lots of books. There are all kinds of books on Spirituality, what it means, how to find it, where to look, and what to read. Cindy goes right to the source, the bible, specifically the Book of Psalms.
That is until the day I overheard him loudly tell my mother he didn’t want me calling him “Grandpa” anymore, because he wasn’t my grandpa.
To commemorate each donation and serve as a reminder of its purpose, each "Hope" Crib will come with a custom plaque for a personalized sentiment . Whether parents wish to leave a message of love for their little girl, or dedicate the crib in honor of a survivor or loved one lost to breast cancer, the crib will stand as a testament to their dedication to helping find a cure for this tragic disease.
The biggest lesson that I have learned throughout the last week came at the advice of my mother. I have to keep things as simple as possible in order to do this and still maintain routine and function for Brayden. Basically, my priorities are different this time of year and since Brandon is so busy, I have to be able to work part time and still fill in the gaps with Brayden. And if that means we don't go do as many things? Then that's just part of it. And if that means we get a Happy Meal for lunch one day? SO be it. I have to do what works for us and nothing else.
Like any digital camera, it had a screen on the back, but there were more buttons than usual. The controls were unfamiliar to Jake. “I can’t even tell which of these buttons is supposed to turn it on.
At home, writing
Sketch details set in context work great, such as "she wore a short-brimmed hat over her straw hair and wide-toe flats beneath her pantsuit, so she looked more like a grumpy clown than the corporate attorney come to rattle our CEO's cage." That gives us enough physical elements to latch onto the woman while giving purpose and characterization to her presence.
One of my all time quick lunch-time favorites is a ham and butter sandwich, which just involves ham, butter, 1-2 tsp of dijon mustard, and a crusty baguette. I put the butter on one slice and the dijon mustard on the other slice, and obviously the ham in the middle. I like this sandwich best chilled, but eat it however you like. Don’t let the simplicity fool you, with high quality ingredients this sandwich is perfection!
I created a sheet of green polka dotty paper and typed the word Lucky on it. The word is really transparent so I was just able to see the outline of the word. I printed it on a thicker cardstock, and YOU can download the free printable here if you'd like to make this yourself!
Follow your instructions on the box, make small almost ‘silver dollar’ sized pancakes.
Oxford’s fielding was quite lamentable, by the way. A similar occurence in 1930 prompted a letter to The Times, from Mr. W.B. de Winton, which ended -
I find that I now tire of the same thing in garden design that I used to find dull and problematic when I studied art history and that it's not just illness and broken fingers which has led me to being in the weeds. Instead, what's been holding me back is my inner battle with mimesis.
1 dark
Trappiste Rochefort
There have been some hard days in this ministry we have been given. Challenges many times not from the ministry itself, but from other Christians who don't understand.
I deserve better.
Given that Jonathan Sumption QC is about to take his seat in the Supreme Court after finishing the The Battle of The Oligarchs case – the post is worth a read.
2. Design processes and rewards to support that culture. If you’re trying to create a culture of high quality but the pay scale is based on volume, you will have a culture of volume – always. If you want a culture of simple, fast customer service but the processes are onerous, cumbersome, and unfathomable, you will continue to have a culture of complex and cumbersome customer service. If culture is the default way of acting, then the default way of acting IS the culture. Words won’t change it, only action. Different action = different culture. Same action = same culture.
David Bowie Ziggy Stardust UK
Jude Law is the best dressed of the two. Sorry Robert.
“I don’t care if whether I go or not, I will defend the decisions of the ANC Youth League until I see my grave,” he told the crowd in Bloemfontein.
For long the propagators of the Colonial Tradition have brainwashed Indian Readers who learn about our own culture through English language into thinking that the Atharva Veda is the last or most recent Veda.
Great to see Michael Ironside as one of the mobsters. He had an amusing (and misunderstood) conversation with Raylan in the opening sequence and a further amusing sequence as he was arrested later (like Gus in Luck, referencing his age and diminishing skills).
RELATED: Oakland Braces for a ‘General Strike’
Till she was lost in them…
‘The Wise Woman’ by Philippa Gregory
Something is clearly wrong here. Yes. It is.
- No neighborhood lawn boy – Skip or otherwise – weeds our lawn. If anyone knows of a Skip, though…
I discuss the Work for Hire Doctrine in Copyright Litigation Handbook - Chapter 8: Copyright Ownership and Licensing Litigation and in Chapter 13: Answer and Defenses.
The report says officers were racially stereotyping African-Caribbean people as criminals, and thus disproportionately subjecting them to stop and search. It says officers were exercising the power without having the legal requirement of having reasonable suspicion that the person stopped was involved in crime: “Many police officers make the illegitimate step in their minds from ‘black people are disproportionately involved in crime’ to ‘the black person I am about to stop and search is likely to be a criminal’ without consideration of the other factors necessary to establish sufficient ‘reasonable grounds’.
Third, I want to give some shout outs to some individual members of the Dam, from myself.
I am thankful for this video.
89. The Tattooist
What would you say behind the Open Mic?
One of our supporters in the East Midlands sent us the following suggestion by email; it's worth trying, to promote British jobs for British people.
watching through the picture window
He turned into the rest stop that the roadside signs had been announcing for the last ten miles. He pulled in between the painted parking lines in front of a convenience establishment. Of special interest were the flashing neon letters spelling out "fresh-brewed coffee."
You have your white hats, and you have your black hats — and then you have what we call the ass hats, these wannabe NWO fellows who wish for a taste of “power.” Maugans has even contacted certain agencies and Cabalists and said, “Use me for disinformation, pay me to say anything and I will.”
He wanted a bow tie. So why not go all out with the tux, the price was the same as the miniature suit on eBay.
Maybe, at one point, the topic had turned to the FnB business, because something roused E@L enough for him to interject a line on how he is poised to become a squidillionare, if his private shares in Wooloomooloo (opening soon in Singapore, folks) keep capitalizing up. This turned Terry's attention to him for the first time. Terry paused.
Eric's Middle School had a talent show last week. Eric and his buddies, Ryan and Lizzie, decided they wanted to form a band for the occasion. They decided to perform, "Dust in the Wind" by Kansas and put together a pretty cool arrangement if I do say so myself. They only had 2 minutes to work with, so they had to cut it down, and figure out how to put the vocals and bells in, but they ended up with something pretty fantastic.
Zyrtec 24ct+ $8/2
If the State grants financial compensation, this is paid from the Treasury. The third party is the landowner. He plays no part in the action but is merely an interested party. But if the landowner is affected insofar as the claimants want his land, he becomes involved in the claim and must pay his own legal costs. It is not possible for him to obtain an order for costs against one of the other parties. If the restitution claim goes to court, the court must decide in what way the claimant will be compensated, i.e., in which of the above three ways.
In Tibetan tradition, Dakini (Tibetan Khandro) is a female embodiment of enlightened energy. Some Dakinis are full-fledged deities, but others are semi-divine and wear human bodies."The outer-outer dakini is a dakini in human form. She is a yogini, or Tantric practitioner in her own right." With or without the 'higher' philosophical teachings, the nuns naturally embodied the Enlightened Female Energy - Dakinis of Peace.
Sticking with the motoring side of things for a few more minutes, there is the Top Gear corner, where fans of the Jeremy Clarkson world (sorry, can’t say I’m one of them) can enjoy seeing the various vehicles they have smashed, crashed, abused, built, driven and sailed, at very close quarters. There are also plenty of TV screens showing a selection of programme footage relating to their antics. The additional Top Gear Expo is a small dome that has yet more of their vehicles on display and you watch a short film that looks behind the scenes of the programme. Personally I find Mr Clarkson’s style of vocal emphasis rather irritating but it clearly works for him.
Why you should join MNC?
a pretty new faucet! That works! And doesn't leak! Isn't she stunning? I just love her! :)
S: Who are some of your favorite mainstream artists right now?
Why am I not obsessed with God the way I am with life and the things of this life? Why am I not shouting, “Great is THE One true God, Creator of All things”?
…Everything becomes naturally beautiful with the appearance of the autumn season. Similarly, when a materialistic person takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness and spiritual life, he also becomes as clear as the sky and water in autumn. The autumn season takes away the rolling of dark clouds in the sky as well as the polluted water. Filthy conditions on the ground also become cleansed. Similarly, a person who takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness immediately becomes cleansed of all dirty things within and without. Kṛṣṇa is therefore known as Hari. “Hari” means “he who takes away.” Kṛṣṇa immediately takes away all unclean habits from anyone who takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness. The clouds of autumn are white, for they do not carry any water. Similarly, a retired man, being freed from all responsibility of family affairs (namely, maintaining the home, wife and children) and taking completely to Kṛṣṇa consciousness, becomes freed from all anxieties and looks as white as clouds in autumn. Sometimes in autumn the falls come down from the top of the hill to supply clean water, and sometimes they stop. Similarly, sometimes great saintly persons distribute clear knowledge, and sometimes they are silent. The small ponds which were filled with water because of the rainy season, gradually dry up in autumn. As for the tiny aquatics living in the reservoirs, they cannot understand that their numbers are diminishing day by day, as the materially engrossed persons cannot understand that their duration of life is being reduced day by day.
The family next door is still unwell. Pugsley made it to school yesterday - I'm not sure if he had to come home at some point during the day but anyway, he wasn't well enough today. Everyone has a hacking cough, a raised temperature and feels generally rotten, apart from Squiffany, who is fine. The Sage and I are also fine. Squiff came through for a while this afternoon, having a family who doesn't want to do anything much with her and just lies on the sofa coughing isn't the most fun for a lass.
In addition, and contrary to concerns raised by both Red Bull and the European Commission, the ECJ dismissed the idea that its decision would permit the customer of an SCP to circumvent the protection offered to the proprietor under the Trade Marks Directive by dividing the production process and awarding different elements of the process to different SCPs to escape liability, as those services may still be attributed to the customer who could remain liable under the Directive.
If however we confined our observation to the Europe of the year 1889, we might well say that in most European countries the rule of law is now nearly as well established as in England, and that private individuals at any rate who do not meddle in politics have little to fear, as long as they keep the law, either from the Government or from any one else; and we
What if you knew exactly when you would die?
Keep your mouth shut
You have become very vocal in the press. Why?
But when we heard that our former home had been struck by a huge earthquake it shook us to the core, no pun intended. We were thankful that we weren’t there, yet our hearts ached to be with our friends. We quickly learned that our teammates were safe, but it took until earlier this week to hear from our local friends via Facebook & e-mail that they too were safe.
After we spent some time looking for another little Gun shop that a friend told me about and couldn’t find, we called it a day in Prescott and headed for the Ranch....North Ranch. We got home right at 4:00 o’clock.....Happy Hour, of course....but too late to go to the Thursday afternoon Jam session at the Club House. They start playing music about 2 pm and break up at 4, so we just missed it. Darn, I like going to the Jam sessions. We have some great musicians here in the park and up in Wickenburg. Plus there is usually always a few passing through and staying in the RV Park here.
like a maniac,
Having played for almost a continuous decade, Sgt. is one of the veteran post-rock bands in Japan. Sgt. can offer what only an experienced band can deliver, a tight sound. The composition of their music is a version of post-rock that is soaked with classical, noise, jazz and emo motifs. This can be attributed to the pr the essence of a female violinist who clutches onto the band’s sound and takes it in new directions.
We’re here in Jacksonville for CNN’s Florida Republican presidential debate. Many of you are watching online, commenting on Twitter, Facebook, at CNN.com. We have many more questions for the candidates, including one that hits close to home.
Frankly, even that's not necessary -- the walls are thick enough that they level themselves out when placed together. There's also a lip that allows you to guide the parts right together so they snuggle in where they need to be. I've heard some stories about how tricky these wall-buildup structures can be to put together and so I did not want to proceed unless that difficulty essentially went away, and playing with the print pieces suggests it has been sent off!
That's the process we're seeing at this moment. The left's civilized elite are still living a delusion, gliding through toga world, while the more unstable elements, the SEIU trash, the anarchists, the ACORN hirelings, are starting to lose it. It will get worse as the Obama dream continues to shred under the pressure of reality. The American left has begun to crack -- deterioration has set in, and it is beginning the long slide into goonhood.
My good cholesterol is great
The story is always on my mind and in the last week, my characters have started to get chatty. I’m getting snippets of conversations between them and I love what I’m hearing.
“When I contacted them the next week, they were blown away by how quickly the response took off,” said Sellman, also author of the children’s book The Legend of the Wolves of Gunflint Lake (www.dreamcatcherpress.us), which contains the theme of the value of community service and which she hopes will serve to inspire others. “As a result of the combined outreach, Solid Gold Northland and Chuck and Don’s Pet Food Outlet have committed a donation of $2,000 worth of pet food, and I’ve helped to forge new friends from other countries who all care about the same things I care about. And it all started with a simple posting on Facebook because I wanted to help a local animal shelter. It’s been magical.”
Learn some survival 101. While I’m as fond of the Israeli issue gas masks as the next gal, you’d be better off taking a Mossad offered basics course and a boy/girl scout refresher. Always be prepared is your new motto.
Ted Williams - San Diego Padres
That’s why it seems so important to figure out whether the rich are paying their fair share. It is a crucial question…
This record simply sounds like no other. From the 1-2 radio-friendly punch of Teenage Lightning and the title track, through the majestic Stripshow, The Human Face and Highland Rain, and finally the unsettled and unsettling Endgame and When A Man Dies, Doll By Doll achieve that rarest of aims: absolute timelessness. The album could have been recorded in 1969, or last week. That it evokes a Britain (and Europe) about to disappear forever is the only clue to Gypsy Blood's moment in time.
The cool breeze touched you,
'10% is usual'
I am sorry that every single day, I have to live with the blind, idiotic hatred of my countrymen. Yes, I know jealousy makes you nasty, but come on. This is getting ridiculous.
Oil - 1 tbsp
The book isn’t perfect and there was a definate lul in the action about halfway through. The low points in the book for me included the time Bluebear spends in the desert and the congladiator battles in the city of Atlantis (where gladiators compete with each other to thrill the audience with the most intricate and entertaining lies) both of which dragged on and bored me quite a bit but this was unusual as the rest of the book is very action-packed.
My gripes are the same as last year: not enough info on the beers and not enough brewers around to with whom to chat. In fact the server at Prodigal Son was serving their wheat beer which is amazing and perfect for those hot sunny Pendleton days, but she thought she was serving their pale ale. Ooops. (At first I thought it was the most wildly radical rethinking of a pale until I realized what must have happened)
That right there, is a bold faced lie. I've been busy as a (insert politically incorrect analogy here). No really. I've been dividing my time between working, driving my daughter back and forth to work, trying to memorize a bunch of bagpipe tunes....not having much luck on that front. I know I'm not technically old, but I don't have the mind that some of the young folk in band have, and find myself jonesin' for a gingko biloba cocktail when confronted with the idea of memorizing ANYTHING, much less entire sets of tunes.
“I think you’re right,” Hood agreed.
One night, as Dave and I are lying around in Kent’s bed on Elgin Crescent, we get an unexpected phone call. Kent has just returned from a trip, is driving home from the airport, and wants us to be out of the flat. We throw our bags together, spend a few weeks at a trashy hotel in Bayswater, and then we say goodbye. Dave’s heading off for a year of travel in Southeast Asia and New Zealand.
Finally. Just when I thought that work and life had completely stolen my writing mojo, I was given a very important writing assignment to complete. It may even be my proudest work to date, because it comes directly from my soul.
- Steven Attewell
So...any other Jacky fans out there??? I'd love to here some of your favorite parts!!!
for some reason. So, I picked
That said, I was super blessed to find in my email inbox a link to a free printable from Dayspring.com.
Stargate SG1 (all 10 seasons plus two made for tv sequels) *favourite*
The play’s not dead: I’ll finish yet
Prominent among them are Anwar Ibrahim, Lim Kit Siang, Mat Sabu, Lim Guan Eng, just to mention a few. Who in their right mind would imagine that these leaders of outstanding integrity and steadfast principles would have done anything that would undermine the security of the nation?
Last week we talked about job descriptions and I told you how important they are. To add to your list here are a few more things you should keep in mind:
Feel free to call THEM at Tel: +603-2287-9866 Tel: +601-7251-3202 Fax: +603-2287-9867
We’re all getting a little tired of the GOP, that bastion of cloth coats and smarmy pseudo-religious types, as they advise the rest of us how we ought to think, and what we ought to be up in arms about. It’s been particularly hard to hear that drivel from the mouth of a serial philanderer; from a man who would like to enter the bedroom of every woman in the US, to make sure she’s following his rules; and from someone who changes position with each puff of . . . wind, of course it’s wind.
of coffee on, or a heavy book,
I thought I would give you a little peek at the new pillows I found for my family room yesterday.
“That damn book was fifty bucks!” he exclaimed.
Olga -- A Daughter's Tale is a story rich with historical and cultural detail, intrigue, and family. It takes place during a very interesting time period in both Jamaica's and England's history. Besides being about family, love, and doing what it takes to get through tough circumstances, this is also a study on the character of people. There are all sorts of people represented in this novel, and it's interesting to see how their actions affect other people, whether it's a good thing or a bad thing.
I've been sick lately. How sick? Just your common head cold, with all the banal misery that entails. But throw in the stickiness of summer, and it feels, well, a good bit sickier.
And so yes, OOO is about flat ontology. And let’s face it, flat ontology and immanence are all the rage. But who cares? Or rather, why is that the rage? The point I was making in the segment that Levi quoted is that the original desire for ‘flatness’ in ontology comes from, genealogically speaking, Nietzsche’s call for a ‘this worldly’ philosophy, and finds more distant precursors in Spinoza and the Roman Stoics. Deleuze then shows how this essentially ethical project can be tied to ontology in a wide variety of ways. But even for Deleuze, I think the impetus is primarily ethical. While Deleuze does ontology, he is not fundamentally an ontologist. For him, it seems to me, at least, ethics comes before ontology. Deleuze largely suspends questions of knowledge and justification of his thought, he simply presents it, like an old-fashioned metaphysician such as Leibniz or Spinoza. Of course, he does so in a way that gets beyond the deconstructionist style critiques in that he also has a fully fashioned philosophy of language which takes into account the ‘linguistic turn,’ and his metaphysics of the virtual is able to skate around many of the critiques of presence articulate by Derrida and the like. And his work continually ‘self-deconstructs’ the binaries he uses. So, while he’s no ‘old fashioned metaphysician’, he’s certainly a metaphysician.
You’re a dance in Bali.
I also appreciate that though identified as a girl by the authors, there's nothing in either the Wild Child's dress or behaviour that conforms to any gender expectations. She's just a kid who likes doing things her own way!
Let’s look at how Random Acts says it’s going to spend the money it raises:
Where the reflection is the talent.
I hope you can set aside some time to play along with our VCM blog hop, and use some of those items you've been hoarding to make cards for our heroes. Just add your creation to the linky tool below so we can all enjoy your cards too! Be sure to check back to the Stars and Stamps blog at 4PM for the next challenge.
One of my favourite daily rituals is sitting on a bench on the roof of my building with a cup o’ Joe, having a smoke or two, or three, and watching the skyline. I’m usually the only person on the roof so it’s a peaceful time for me. I say this with much trepidation, but I love smoking. I know it’s stupid, but it’s my truth. I wish I didn’t enjoy it as much as I do. Why do bad habits have to be so enjoyable? It’d be so much easier to quit if it was a drag (groan!).
(Optional): Cut a 16.5"x 13"piece of light weight fusible interfacing and iron on to the wrong side of the front cover. Serge or zig zag borders of cover for a professional finish.
I find the above picture so sweet and it looks like a place I could just relax in a chair and let the wind blow in my face and think about peaceful sweet things.
Amazing! I did some research and they seem to have good reviews and a couple not so good. They have been in business since 1965 and they have a showroom in Orange County where you can go check them out. Plus they ship nationwide.
Last 2 week progress
I had a friend who did this, and when they moved out the employer tried to sue her for damages that were already done when they had originally moved in, and when they went to court the pictures saved my friend several thousand dollars.
Do you ever nostalgia eat? If so, what kind of foods and places do you go?
I have unspecific recollections that other people I've listened to have said this before, but ... for purely commercial cinema, 2010's Morning Glory is shockingly decent. Not "subversive"; nothing "smuggled": it's simply a product with narrative content that is honest and expressive in contrast to most Hollywood releases: there's a faint trace of 1930s-40s classical Hollywood in this movie. (Perhaps it's because it depicts a world of busy invention and constant improvisation, not unlike the production plants of classical Hollywood themselves.) Rachel McAdams plays a 28-year-old morning show producer, Becky Fuller, who loses her job in New Jersey. She gets a shot at a low-rated morning show in New York at the station IBS. There, she is soon expected to raise flagging ratings considerably if she wants to keep her job and to keep the show on air.
Well I am pleased to report that my first birthday overseas was the best birthday EVER!
Kalinda
Kevin P. Connors, 55, Greenwich, Conn.
From the number of church-related posts on "By Stargoose And Hanglands" you might get the idea that I'm a person of deep religious conviction. Nothing could be further from the truth. But I find the buildings - their architecture, history and spirit - endlessly fascinating. Although they stand as monuments to continuity through the ages they are constantly changing. In my local church some of the evidence for this has been documented by the Meldreth Local History Group whose website is full of interesting information about the village.
"This offensive and puerile front page is insulting to literally every single community in Scotland, not least to Glasgow, which it sneeringly terms Glasgone. It is patronising, metropolitan claptrap which lays bare the true nature of Unionism utterly negative."
So, I know that sappy country music isn't Tina's favorite genre... but, she has a daughter whom she loves and adores -- so I hope this tune makes her smile. Or laugh. Hysterically.
Second, turning to the international level, we draw upon a growing body of international relations and international legal scholarship that focuses on the promise of regulation through transnational networks, with a particular emphasis on the prospect of "deliberation" as a form of decision-making in which governmental and non-governmental actors put aside fixed positions and negotiating tactics in favor of a collective search for better understanding and better policy. We find, however, that the record of transatlantic deliberation on genetically modified organisms (GMOs) has largely been one of failure. Deliberation, we argue, is a hothouse flower that flourishes only under restrictive conditions. The sharp disagreements, intense politicization, and distributive conflicts that characterize agricultural biotechnology have all prevented US and EU policymakers from engaging in a joint deliberative search for the best policy in this area.
At the right point of his life he took sannyaasa and became known as Pujya Sri Anaakama Mara. He insisted that he should not be taken to the hospital should he fall sick, but some of his disciples did that anyway. After he recovered and came home he spent his days chanting the Rudram and other Vedas till his last day. He spent his last days in Bangalore, in my Guruji’s gurukula at Vidyaranyapura.
Cake is one thing that is on the do not eat list for the next few weeks.
We’re talking about a politician who’s held public office just once, for a grand total of four years. During that one term, his constituents got a good look at his leadership, and came to actively dislike him.
There is a parent maintenance act but how many are aware of it or avail its benefits. The fact that we should need a maintenance act for our own parents is such a shame but it does help those who are neglected and abused.
shoot back of your ears' Rose
For what it’s worth it was worth all the while.
Wow. I had no idea. And, my anonymous source of a tongue lashing was right. I don’t know. I don’t know about Ferraro’s because I've never eaten there. Actually, I've only eaten at a handful of restaurants in Montana. It is true, as I said earlier, that according to my taste and dining expectations, I've not been impressed with Montana’s restaurants. However, based on my limited experience, my door knocker was right. I don’t know squat about Montana’s restaurants and thoughtlessly gave opinion when I had no right to. For that, I woefully apologize. Hurting Montana is the last thing I want to do. New prairie Woman is not about “that” and if you've been reading my book, you know that I love this place and have no intention of hurting it. I celebrate this magnificent place. I honor Montana, its people, wildlife, mountains, lakes and rivers, its extreme experience. And while I’m here apologizing let me say this…the fact that a local person took the time to drop by my back door speaks volumes about the people here. This young man takes pride in “The last best place,” his home. This is his home and I insulted it. Please excuse me for becoming just another ignorant source of bad information. It will not happen again……….
And many of her friends were already too far ahead to catch up to.
Many times new devotees, who enter the movement have raised a question to me; Prabhu, it is difficult to believe that such senior devotees who did so much service to Srila Prabhupada would actually deviate and fall for such ambition. This is easily understood from your own teachings about the ‘shajiya’ trap or pitfall that a practitioner of bhakti is prone to fall into if he one is not careful.
2 pork tenderloins
Arizona’s answer to the sakura is the Palo Verde (green tree). These trees are all over AZ, and usually they aren’t much to see. However, for a few brief months in the Spring, these trees light up with bright yellow flowers. Usually, the palo verde is mixed in with other desert trees, and you will see these swarms of yellow amidst a sea of green. And if you’re lucky, you’ll see a whole bunch of palo verde trees grouped together, and it turns into a sea of yellow.
Soft drinks are only one type of food/beverage that artificial sweeteners have become mainstream in our diet. Jolly Rancher candies, Ben & Jerry’s ice cream, Pillsbury brownie mixes, and Vlasic Bread & Butter pickles now can be purchased in “low-sugar” or “sugar-free” varieties thanks to aspartame, Splenda, and sugar alcohols replacing the infamous white crystals. This has been good news for diabetics, dieters, and food distributors nation-wide, but it has also caused eyebrows to rise amongst nutritionists, concerned mothers, and talk-show hosts. Endless books have been written, “60 Minutes” segments have aired nationally, and a plethora of bloggers have gone wild, fighting on both sides of the argument – “pro-sugar” or “con-sugar”. If these substances have been FDA-approved, many ask, “How can they be harmful?” Or on the converse, “how can they be FDA-approved if they may cause harm to a consumer’s health?” Like many food items taken in excess or when combined incorrectly, they can cause detriment to vital processes. For instance, cholesterol is necessary for the structure of cell membranes but too much, especially of the LDL variety is linked to heart disease. In the case of artificial sweeteners, certain variations can prove detrimental for individuals with pre-existing conditions (i.e.: aspartame consumed by people who have phenylketonuria, aka PKU), even leading to seizures. Less frightening consequences, but no less common, include acne, upset stomach, and bad aftertaste.
Lord keep us humble, dependent, yet serenely joyful. May we be calm and
Even more importantly, how does one do it when all the company’s money is tied up in its expansion, now devoted to brewing and distributing NABC’s own house beers, and doing it during a sapping, maddening recessionary climate?
You don't have to answer that.
Last night I visited with my therapist for the first time in several months. We talked and asked if she could be direct with me. I said I preferred it that way. I'm a no bullcrap kind of gal and I play life straight and to the punchline. Honesty to self, honesty to others is the best approach I find. Her questions really hit home but they were not unexpected nor were the answers. If anything, it was me sounding them out that really began to hit home. It is one thing to say these things to yourself but it is another to answer to someone else. The therapists I have had really never ever told me who I was and my current one hasn't, but she did throw back some thoughts and perspectives which really bore meaning and thought.
"Just tell us you love us, and never forget.
The 8th of march we are starting our very own D'Arcy's Diaries challenge and we really look forward to see what you create for that! So exciting :)
That’s another thing: when people say ‘Wow your horse is beautiful’, what am I supposed to say? ‘Thank-you’? That seems a little arrogant. I had nothing to do with my horse’s looks. Do I say ‘I know’? That seems even worse. I normally laugh and say ‘He knows it, too!’, for lack of a better response.
His bed and blankets were the first to go. He liked that bed, and used to bury toys and old bones in it. Which is why his old santa toy and a couple of old bones fell out as I was putting it in the bin. I'm tough. I can do this.
According to PDEA intelligence reports, secessionist groups and other terrorist cells are involved in illegal-drug operations. Recent anti-drug operations strongly link these groups to the illegal drug trade.
ACT OF CONSECRATION TO THE HOLY SPIRIT
Anyhow... I have been pushing and prodding my students in the direction of "independence, problem-solving, and reflection" with an on-going exam visual art journal "project", which runs simultaneously with our classwork projects.
This photo is courtesy of one of my spun cotton ornament collectors and she has been so gracious to send me photos of the feather tree which is decorated with the ornaments she has collected from both myself and the very talented Maria Pahls.
Sunday I hit the airport for a trip to Orlando for work. I was able to get in a few runs during the trip, along iwth standing ALL DAY on the convention floor – meaning my healing process may be a little sloewr.
Checks/cash can be sent to:
If the bin isn't emptied, then I have to struggle to get it in and out of the garden several times until the next collection date, while the bin gets heavier with more things being added.
To say I don't like fish is kind of an overstatement. It's more that I'm just insanely particular about the kind, origin, and preparation. I really only like a few varieties of fish; cod (baked or grilled), mahi-mahi (grilled only), salmon (wood smoked, please), lake perch and walleye (breaded and fried, please, with a side of buttered rye bread and sliced onion). That's it, though. And I'm even picky when it comes to those. I think the reason, primarily, is because we live in the middle - nowhere near an oceanic coast where the fish are fresh (with the exception of the fresh water variety I mention - kinda surrounded by some pretty Great lakes and a load of tributaries here). Nearly all the fish available in my area have been frozen at some point for an undetermined amount of time, and have needed to travel a ridiculously lengthy distance to get here. Some are even caught off North American shores, but then sent to China for processing (I mean...what?!). By the time that fish reaches my grocery store, it's just not fresh enough for me to even consider buying, and in some cases, the odor assaults right through the package. The fish available in "the middle" isn't even close to comparable to the fish caught and served fresh in the coastal areas.
-Huntsman polls at only 2% even though he served as Governor in the state next door and even though the state has a decent sized Mormon population. This guy isn't getting any traction anywhere.
I have to say that fond memories and nostalgia certainly color my opinion of the film. It's not great - it's actually really cheesy for the most part. Watching it now, you can see the overacting in virtually every facet. The film has pacing issues at times... it feels a bit long at almost 2 hours, but I do feel like it is well written and has an interesting story of the gods really toying with humans to serve their own ends. The story was very serious at times, but still felt light and definitely authentic to me for whatever reason. (The story certainly deviates from the original greek myth FYI... read up on the history of Perseus if you are interested. No Kraken for him!)
And I have run with my dog. Who loves to run, and waits at the door whenever I go out. Whines at the door while I am out on my long runs. And gets a few laps when I get back.
Jakob Magnússon and Guðmundur joined Bubbi Morthens to play in Das Kapital until 1985, then Jakob followed up with Bubbi & MX-21, and worked as a session player for several artists. In 2003 he released his first solo album, Bassajól. After playing in Das Kapital, Guðmundur withdrew from the music scene.After leaving the band, Eyþór Arnalds studied cello and continued with the band Todmobile and later joined singer Móa Julíusdóttir to form a band called Bong which achieved relative success in Iceland and England. He has released a few solo albums and then collaborated with Móa’s debut album Universal in 1998 and has worked in the Icelandic music industry as sound engineer. More recently, he got involved in politics running for mayor in the town of Árborg.Eyjólfur Jóhannsson continued playing with bands like Dá, The Wunderfoolzs, and in 2002 joined S.S.Sól. Oddur joined a heavy metal band called Foringjarnir, and he became an electrician. More recently he followed up with another band called Santiago releasing an album in 2002.
A spokesman for Mr Johnson said yesterday: ‘This is yet another example of Ken Livingstone’s hypocrisy. ‘Now we learn that while campaigning as a defender of the NHS he uses private healthcare.’
Kazel Kinouchi
531310 Real estate property managers
"The rapidly deteriorating biophysical situation is more than bad enough, but it is barely recognized by a global society infected by the irrational belief that physical economies can grow forever and disregarding the facts that the rich in developed and developing countries get richer and the poor are left behind.
3. What’s the strongest factor that makes me a good friend?
Examples of series I could have chosen to meet my parameters?
Here's what it looked like when I first moved to the city:
Love Beer. Love Craft. Harpoon
When President McKinley is shot, Vice President Roosevelt rushes to a deathbed inauguration.
This CDV of an unidentified, fashionable young woman from New York City was most likely taken around the late 1870's to the early 1880's. I base this on several factors. First is the thickness of the card and the single rounded border. Secondly, photographer imprints on the back of the card became complex covering the back between 1870 and 1890. The type of pose, a closeup bust covering 3/4 of the print tended to dominate CDV's between 1874 - 1890. Her hairstyle was very popular of the later 1870's woman with curls on the forehead and up-swept bun. Additionally, the fashion of the 1870's trended towards high elaborate collars with much lace and trim about the neck. It seemed the fussier the better. Note her very fashionable hat with feathers and attached to her hair somehow to keep it to the side. She also has what appears to be flowers in her hair and is wearing an elaborate necklace with perhaps a locket.
His works are in many New York museums, including the "Burning of the Merchant's Exchange" which is at the Museum of the City of New York.
As you can see I made my stamping random, and some of stamps are stamped just partly on the edges. Heat emboss it with white embossing powder and let it dry a bit. Just a couple of minutes is enough.
‘Bingo Little, blast him. He’s always singing nowadays. That’s what I’m writing my strong letter to the Committee about – the intolerable nuisance of this incessant heartiness of his. Because it isn’t only his singing. He slaps backs. Only yesterday he came sneaking up behind me in the bar and sloshed me between the shoulder blades, saying “Aha!” as he did so. Might have choked me. How many “s’s ” in “incessant”?’
Thank you for all of your lovely comments which have been coming thick and fast to this blog – and via social media – we’ve been really overwhelmed by the level of interest. Comments included ‘First chick, whoop, whoop’, ‘I feel honoured to be able to watch these beautiful creatures’, ‘Wow, this is amazing’, ‘Amazing picture quality’ and ‘Am glued to my laptop here in Corfu’. Viewers were also sharing records of exactly what they were seeing and when, and some even took the time to send us some quality images of their own which they had taken directly from their computers.
Imperial Sugar is selling out to an international conglomerate the year after the Texas Legislature chose to close the Central Unit (formerly the Imperial unit) which was an early center of convict leasing that made Imperial a lucrative enterprise a century ago, with labor costs not much higher than a slave owner's. Grits finds it ironic that both institutions should dissolve so close to one another, as though their fates were somehow entwined.
Makes approximately 15 muffins.
Finally made it to the Easter Hols after a truly manic term. So much to catch up on, but hopefully I'll get round to blogging about recent events in the next few days.
An advanced slant on this is for not even the parents to know. The person who has scanned the baby lets the cake shop know what sex it's going to be, and the cake is then made, and the parents don't find out until the cake is cut.
Obama: There's no one with who?
A fewof my art friends saw my present the night I made it and thought it was amazing. I'm glad it turned out the way I wanted it to and that Kim truely appreciated how much work went into making it. I think she was pretty much amazed that I had made it for her!
Squash Seeds
These three teenage descendants of Medusa, the once-beautiful gorgon maligned by myth, must reunite and embrace their fates in this unique paranormal world where monsters lurk in plain
The generals conducted fact-finding missions in May and June but Mbeki never released their findings. Neither did his successor, Kgalema Motlanthe.
Being female or male, our gender identity. We just are women and men, and the relative effortlessness of this identity can lead us to reify a simple, dichotomous view of gender. People are meant to be either female or male, both physically and psychologically. However, for many persons who are intersexed , or transgendered , things are not so simple. They struggle with their gender identity, wondering whether they are female or male, neither or both. Their struggle raises important questions for all of us about the nature of gender. To what extent is our gender identity innate? Embodied? Is ambiguity in gender identity simply a relatively rare deviation from a dichotomous norm, or a reflection of a broader multiplicity of genders?
1934 The birth of boxer Henry Cooper, boxer. He was known for the effectiveness of his left hook, "Enry's 'Ammer", and his knockdown of the young Muhammad Ali. Cooper, who died on 1st May 2011, held the British, Commonwealth and European heavyweight titles several times throughout his career and is the only boxer to have been awarded a knighthood.
It is a fact that the average TV commercial changes the scene every 8 seconds as that is the average attention span for a typical person. That is quite insulting if you think about it, but is it true and if so, is it true for all species? I am quite embarrassed to admit, I have a very, very short attention span. I hope you are quick and to the point when talking with me, because if not, you are wasting your time telling me anything. My mind is so cluttered with chatter, it is hard to hear, but what about the animals? So off I go, yep, to the woods, to ask the animals. I hiked for a while, found a spot that I have never noticed before, looking into a swampy area, where there were lots of footsteps, thinking that maybe if animals frequented this spot, it would keep my active mind entertained, and sat down to test my focus skills. This swampy area, that initially caught my attention, proved to be motionless and difficult to focus on. I committed to spending ½ hour looking at this spot, to improve my focus, but as history serves me, up pops a ground hog not far from where I was sitting. He looked at me, I looked at him, but neither of us moved, not even a blink. Okay, here I go, I am thinking. I can out stare any animal, since they get scared when they see humans. So here we are, the ground hog and me, in a staring contest. The first minute or so was great. I was very focused, and determined to win. A few more minutes went by, and I was losing interest and fast. My eyes were losing focus and things start to get blurry. The groundhog blended into his surroundings. Initially, I felt success, thinking he gave up and left, but as I blinked, there he was in the exact same position, not a single limb out of place, and yes, still staring right at me. Okay, why is he still watching me or better yet, challenging me? So I continue to stare. I have no idea how long this went on, but I knew I was losing the contest. My mind was wandering profusely, and my head kept trying to turn to look around us. I used all the energy I could muster, to stay focused on this groundhog, and win the staring contest, but the groundhog stood his ground. As my alarm went off, I was relieved to know the contest was to be declared a tie, as time was up, and I had to go. I stood up to leave, turned back to take one last glance, and do you believe he was still there, watching me, and still hadn’t moved a muscle. I knew immediately I had lost. The ground hog represented the animal kingdom, I represented the human race, and I am sorry to all, that I could not stare down a ground hog. It takes a lot of discipline to focus on one thing for any length of time, but as we build this skill, profound changes will take place in our lives, as there is so much great beauty on our path, but with out focus, we miss the signs.
659 ***D-I/18(B)/1974. “One Introduction to Confucian Thought.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. Dedicated to the memory of Leo Strauss (1899-1973). (Incorporated in Items C-1974(8) and C-1984(1), above. See Items C-1974(14) and C-1999(6), above. See, also, Item B-12, above, pp. 99-145(2002).)
Before you blanch at my comparison of capitalism to the Nazis, look at this from the perspective of the 200 species driven extinct today, the 200 species driven extinct tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after that, in a holocaust of unimaginable proportions. Look at this from the perspective of the millions of children killed each year as a result of so-called debt repayment from the colonies to the center of empire. Look at this from the perspective of Indigenous humans forced off their lands. “Buying good stuff” does absolutely nothing to address these problems.
words like, “let’s talk about it”, “I am sorry” and “please forgive
I worked as Food Roots’ first intern last year, and it was an amazing experience. You can find the full description and application on the website or by clicking here. I highly encourage you to apply! I’m happy to help with any inquires about the position. Just email slowfooduo@gmail.com if you want some application help or more information.
Not one man approached me first....I made all of the effort....where are all of the MEN? And, no, it's not any harder for them than it is for me to make the first move. I am, at heart, an old fashioned girl and I was just thinking, maybe there was a gentleman cowboy out there, looking for me, too.
Some of the distilleries, unhappy with this particular turn of events, now use plastic glasses. Sometimes you can't tell they're plastic until you have invested the time in line to get one. This disappoints the mob and makes it surly.
I also have a brother that lives in the area too, so I called him to see if he may be the culprit. This conversation is also funny:
British stag parties must have tired of using the Baltic States as lavabos by now, so drunk-tank tourism is one of the many income funnels that Ukraine may yet drain. Russia misses the boat once again. But then Putin reserves the right to sink it any time he chooses.
Here's a fun fact you may not know about your favorite psychologically-damaged housewife: I have a REAL problem with authority.
The title promises a lot, and maybe also too much. Please forgive me for that, but I simply couldn’t make a better title up.
8. Twenty-five (25) years ago, the Philippines had some sixteen (16) million hectares of rainforests constituting roughly 53% of the country’s land mass.
Geraldo actually used the word “gangsta” and kept saying “gangsta,” really overemphasizing the “sta” of the “gangsta” to an extent that I stuck my hand into a food processor so I could concentrate on something else.
I don't know how things turn from "checking e-mail" to "changing the default color scheme and the screen resolution into something awful" without knowing how they did it. I didn't know what 'ctrl+x' did for the longest time, but my mom would somehow figure out how to do all that before a Google search even finished. "It must be a virus." No, it's not, you're just retarded. Is what I'd like to say, if I didn't have to worry about getting grounded.
First I tried a pumpkin:
So...now its my turn to share some of the love......I would like to share the award with these beautiful girls...
My Monday post about what is going on around my home...
Sprint Blackberry (sprintblackberry.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Panasonic has released a new Super Zoom camera, the DMC-FZ150, which replaces their DMC-FZ100. With a 12MP sensor and a zoom of 25-600mm anyone that is looking for a camera in their category may be wanting to take a look at Panasonic’s new offering.
Minter
Cold weather is upon us once again, which means that it is time to plant some garlic!
Then you have to let the Viva dry/cure, I let mine sit for a few days. Make sure to have them lay flat to dry.
3. Big 10 - 2.92
Lets talk about our body. I know I do have some parts of my body I wish were different and thats something I´m not proud of. Because I know that it´s just me. I am the only person who think there is something wrong with me. And this is a common issue for so many girls around the world. Pretty girls thinks their ugly. You can not see yourself better than others can see you. If someone tells you that you are beautiful, I don’t care if its only one person who says that; You better take it seriously. And be thankful. Because the truth of the matter is that we are all beautiful, just not to everyone.
It’s made me feel better already.
I've learned to expect odd behavior from Jew-haters.
I lost, yes lost my best friend to cancer.. Her time was 41 years. A short 41 years. I say this because none of us, not even her saw her time coming. It was a sad day, month, year, from the first day to her last breath, time took her. I’m so angry and bitter with time for not allowing me more time.. I know God gave us more time than what the doctor’s did and I am grateful for that, but being from this “give me more” culture, I selfishly cried for more time..
One of the joys of being a self employed writer and working from home is the fact that you don’t have to drag yourself out to an office each day. The knowledge that, if you really wanted to, you could just sit in bed to do your work is quite a pleasant one. I’ve blogged before about the importance of having ‘a space of your own’ to work – be it the kitchen table, a fully equipped study or a garden shed (mine still hasn’t appeared at the end of our garden but that’s another story). I’ve also blogged about finding the time to write, so I suppose I'm rattling on about the same sorts of things here but they are things that I'm very conscious of at the moment.
In spite of an entire full-scale battleship with all kinds of weapons, missiles, nuclear capabilities and such at its disposal, this movie still suffers from a major case of over-compensating and under-scripting. Despite Dimple-Chin's heroic efforts, this time travel epic just doesn't have enough gigawatts.
Anyone who studied at The Madras Catering in the 70s and 80s would remember that these were (and possibly still are) the best known places to eat when in Madras, especially when you were broke!
What can participants expect from the workshops?
It’s Wednesday, half-way to the weekend. But, oh – you already have some fun options you might get into come Friday. Or, maybe you know who you wanna be with but not what you’d want to do.
“The principal of St. John’s Lutheran School was fired this weekend for espousing the shocking doctrine that maybe the church is in error and men don’t have total authority over women. Is that equality I hear? Scandalous! We can’t have our children exposed to such disturbing arguments.”
Here’s an unofficial list of the Top 10 Wedding Bloopers. Of course, Emma has the number one spot. Check this list out:
-Sainte Chapelle Earrings-Anthropologie
The WORD says… He who takes refuge in God has security (Isaiah 57:10).
That scene is contrasted against a conversation with a different friend who takes a breakup much more in stride, ending with an amazing, mysterious moment in which this woman pulls off her headscarf to reveal a close-cropped, shaved head, simultaneously laughing and crying as the driver asks her why she did this. She can't articulate it, but there's a real element of catharsis in this scene, a sense that the woman just wanted to do something to define herself, to express her independence in some way. Even the sight of her taking the veil off is electrifying, in a culture where virtually all the women wear these scarves, never showing their heads or their hair in public.
Both of these effects would be dangerous for Tunisia. Already polarized, Tunisia’s fragile political system would break down if the CPR and Ettaktol abandoned the government. Neither Ennahdha nor the secularists have enough seats to form a majority government. But even barring this extreme example, political parties will find it increasingly difficult to compromise in an even more polarized political environment. With elections scheduled within a year, the government may find it difficult to write the constitution on time – creating further pressure in the system as the country would face a constitutional crisis and the government (in whatever form it took) would face criticism that it could not act.
Some physically strenuous work conditions (e.g. heavy lifting, frequent bending) might increase the risk of negative pregnancy outcome, especially among women with other risk factors (e.g. with previous foetal losses) or in the presence of other work-related risks.
Anyway, this is just a quick, short post to let you know that I'm not dead, I haven't fallen off a cliff or something like that, I'm working on making this blog more visually appealing
Drives you to despair
Love this one of my (2nd) cousin jumping on the trampoline at my mom's. He had sooo much fun! I used the trampoline from Everyday Paper Dolls.
The 41-year-old revealed on Friday that he will not extend his existing contract with the Blaugrana as he needs time away from the game to recharge his battery.
Senator Scott Brown (R-MA) stopped by the Hyannis Youth and Community Center, and made an amazing half-court shot. Brought back his college basketball nickname: “Downtown Scottie Brown.”
How do we show love? Many of you probably have a boyfriend of girlfriend (depending on your gender), and even if you don’t, you probably have someone to whom you are very close, whether it be a friend, relative, colleague, peer, or parent. (No man is an island, you know.) How do we communicate our love to them? There are a variety of ways. One would be to talk with that person. And not necessarily about anything monumental, either. Just to open up and speak freely about anything and everything. This demonstrates a level of trust between the participants. Another is acts of service. To give of your time and energy to perform a task for their benefit, not for praise or to be patted on the back, but just to let them know that you are thinking them, and care for their wants and needs. Both of these require that we give the one thing that we have which can never be replaced: our time. In a very real way, your life is nothing but time. Breath is just a clock. You have so much allotted to you, and once it’s gone, it cannot be regained. So to give of your time is truly the greatest act of love that you can perform. If you are in a relationship (the romantic variety), you know that all you want to do is to be with that person – to do things for them, talk to them, or just be there, even if you’re doing nothing more than watching the clouds. Everything is more beautiful when you’re together.
If you’re looking for simple, tailored guidance on how you should be storing hazardous substances on your premises, this tool, which has been produced by the Environment Agency, is definitely worth a look. By answering the questions you can identify whether your existing arrangements meet legal requirements.
So among the crazy talk of fitting the jack properly on the car, some mumbo jumbo about loosening the bolt things slightly, then lifting the jack even more, and finally taking the wheel off...inspecting the rest of the wheel hub, some other bizarre star method for putting the spare tire back on... I got bored! So I did what any other rational woman would do when presented with such a drastically boring situation...
At least it’ll tell you
"No," I sobbed back. "I'm crying because Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't know who I am!"
Roy. L. Gadsby"
What challenges have you faced and found you were able to deal with when you really got down to it?
He remembers snippits of the past
*Remember that the dough will begin to lose its ability to hold fine detail after about an hour.
The following are some signs and symptoms which may lead you suspect that your child has central auditory hearing disorder:
We were living in a dumpy half basement suite in Calgary, I returned to dancing after Emma was 2 months old.
There is so much going on it is a job to know where to start.
Oh, and marking off one of my 2012 Goals as…..Done! Woo Hoo! Yay Me!
Outfit 3) Inspired by Women's Health. I was looking through an issue of Women's Health while at the gym before work and I loved this outfit instantly. Then I realized I had the pieces to make this happen without spending a dime!﻿
“Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles. And let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us.” Hebrews 12:1
“There is a meanness in all the arts which ladies sometimes condescend to employ for captivation. Whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable.” (Woohoo! At last, a man who did not fall for a woman who batted her eyes and spoke in a syrupy tone. At age 12, I had had my heart broken several times because some idiot could not discern my true worth.)
Shawn Chacon was selected by the Rockies in the 3rd round of the 1996 amateur draft. Chacon was mostly a starter with the Rockies, although he spent one of his seasons as a relatively unsuccessful closer. In his 5 seasons with Colorado, Chacon had a record of 24-45 with a 5.20 ERA and 385 strikeouts to go along with 35 saves. At the 2005 trade deadline, Chacon was traded to the Yankees for pitching prospects Ramon Ramirez and Eduardo Sierra.
In a world in which success seems to be the only thing worth talking about it is hard to see the point in being disappointed, in failing at something. But studies have shown that there is no correlation between success and happiness. People who strive all their lives to reach certain goals or work hard to earn a lot of money and climb the corporate ladder, often say in their twilight years that they regret no living in the moment as they were always looking towards their goals and the future.
To get out of this place
500g piece salmon fillets , skinless
Anyway, it was this book that brought me my first big break. Her name is Jenny Rappaport, and she's an agent in New York. I actually found her the old fashioned way: query, then 3 chapters, then the whole manuscript, then months of agonizing, then a phone call.
Total : $45 .00 Amount Saved : $200 .00
-”I’m not sure he will.”
Anyways other things that have gone on this week are watching kids. I also got seeds for my garden and I’m SO excited about it. I cannot wait to plant them. I just have to figure out logistics of what to plant where. And I also will be helping my friend do a garden too! Its exciting. Tonight the boy and I watched the 4 kids while our friends went out. It was so crazy and loud and we finally got them to bed so we are watching Wallace and gromit on netflix. Cute. Hopefully I will have some reviews written tomorrow and I am excited for things that will be coming up in the next few weeks. I really want to go thrifting for books but that time will come soon.
Till a dreadful war made me an evacuee.
Even the manager has his attention drawn to the matter of summer recruitment. Sol Campbell’s ill-judged comments – which in the former player’s defence – echo comments he made not so long ago; he is consistent in his output but they brought an unusually ascerbic response from the manager; a nerve has clearly been touched. Too often in summer months, a player’s potential value to the team is judged by the size of his transfer fee rather than his actual ability.
As the picture I took last May at the airport shows, Ghana's NACOB (Narcotic Board) has increasingly been reminding Ghanaians about the need to be vigilant in how they handle luggage--never mind the risks of carrying narcotic drugs.
Junsu sees his lover busy preparing for his presentation. “Chunnie…” Junsu whined. “Can you do that later? We’ve just finished making love…” Yoochun look at his love who’s still stark naked.
My mother was a fascinating woman who left me a real mix of personal treasures. As a young adult she had spent a lot of time living in Paris and her war work had her based there doing things that she never talked about. However years later an American friend of hers told me that she had been involved with the Resistance, something my mother always refused to corroborate. There's nothing more alluring than mystery, don't you think?
That gentle insistence that kept me watching stems from its opening scene, I think, in which a body is found floating in a river. It promises ominous things, things that tends to convert Lee's quiet scenes into menacing ones. The movie isn't a thriller, though, and the emotions it seeks to elicit aren't excitement. There is no adrenalin rush here. This is mainly a character study.
But when it comes time to use that original amount of money for the project of which it was intended months or years later, the capital gains (profits) of that supposedly dormant money are separated from the original amount placed into the “holding account” and stay in the governments discretionary investment coffers and are then reinvested not for the benefit of the people, but for the wealth and profit of the corporate government. The problem and the inherent crime here is this – that profit is no longer considered tax-payer (public) owned money, since it was earned by investment or by accrued interest. That “extra money” goes elsewhere… mainly into other investments or funds which grease the pockets of the “in the know” politicians and corporations and other people and groups involved. Some open what are called “self insurance funds” and then draw dividends for themselves and their fellow conspirators for the rest of their political careers by insuring themselves with their own insurance funds. And the cycle goes on and on and on and on… and has for the last 70 years. And it has now reached the point where government owns it all!
I love you Tommy I love you Tommy I love you Tommy I love you Tommy I love you Tommy I love you Tommy
I haven't read much about them yet, but from what I can tell from my quick glance is that they're just a concept at this point. Aesthetically, I love them. And they're Nike, which you know is my fave label. But I have very little pointe experience myself, so I hesitate to form an opinion from a dance perspective quite yet. I'm very curious to know my ballet prof's thoughts, of course, as well as other dancers out there...?
A strand running through all my pieces thus far is that the SNP probably undershot in the number of candidates it fielded in 2007, but I realise, I've done nothing to justify this in terms of evidence. So ponder this. Compare the 2007 regional vote for Holyrood with how the self-same set of voters cast their ballots in the simultaneous local election. In 2011, the SNP won 39.8% of the Glaswegian regional vote to Labour's 35%. While the SNP won its first parliamentary plurality in 2007, Glasgow continued stubbornly to prefer Labour, who won 38.2% of the regional vote, to the SNP's 27%. In brute numerical terms, Labour outpolled the Nats by just over 23,000 votes. But notice that the widening gap recorded between the two parties in the simultaneous local poll held using STV. I've knocked together these two graphs, representing the differences.
It would have been useful had Ministers reminded voters of this pledge and given some vague hint of when the “later date” might arrive. Still, it remains Government policy, and the answer, therefore, to the question: “If we’re going to directly elect a mayor, how can we directly unelect a rubbish one?” is that, by the time the possibility arises, some recall mechanism should, as promised, be in place.
Oh, well, she's a thumb sucker when she starts to get tired.
last week, najah wrote up a nicely analyzed view of how she'll balance sewing and life in the future (woefully forgetting a section for cocktails. bad, bad najah!). though i realize her weekly sew-flow chart may rob us of wonders from her talented hands (i mean seriously), i get it. weekly challenges can kick your ass and take over your LIFE. ask ruggy, oona does it! pretty much did me most of the time. it made me think about how i sew now versus then (because really, it's all about me. you know this, yes? good). back Then, it would take me a week to sew and document a single project. but now i haz super skills. now all i need is twelve hours.
Christians around the world these days are reading about injustice — the story of a whole series of towering legal offenses committed against our Lord which led to his brutal death on a Roman cross.
Somebody told me no one knows you better than yourself
Finished my last big job today. Saw some interesting things on the way, but I'll have to go back for pics. Planning a weekend bicycle camping trip out here soon, so I guess it will have to be then.
Rick Berman also took part in the script, which is never a good thing. I am not entirely certain which of Nemesis’ failings can be pinned on him, but history says it is a lot.
Now, I don’t usually expect people on Twitter to respond so I just sat there trying to think of where those books were now. (My poor mom is always on the hunt for things I remember randomly.) As I sat there thinking about it and listening to whoosh whoosh and pzzzt pzzzt from my four year old, I looked down and focused on a book sitting on the table in front of me – a table I rarely sit at. It was the book that has been floating around my house for the last two months. Remember that book? It’s called “The Sick of Being Sick Book” and it’s written by Jovial Bob Stine and Jane Stine.
- In Europe people are usually more hospitable, even if they dont know your band. Cooking, places to sleep, beer, pretty much everything all around. Usually in the U.S its not so common to find people/places like that.
Tuesday morning, I hit the road for home. Some highlights of the drive home:
you think of something clever
Saturday, and the second workshop. More great work, interesting exercises – including a science based ‘word cricket’ which had me scribbling like crazy... Then the prize-giving bubbly reception, lunch and award ceremony, watching the winners and runners up receiving their prizes from the judges. Smashing to see Euan Thorneycroft from A M Heath, the London lit agency who read all the finalists’ work (and my agent...proof if such was needed that The Bridport Prize really does change lives). Smashing to see friend and colleague Peggy Riley collecting her runner-up prize, and smashing to hear many of the winners reading their poems, flashes, and snippets of stories.
Did you watch the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony on TV last night? This photo is of last year's beautiful tree (view more photos here) I contemplated going to the ceremony but when I heard that President Obama was also in mid town Manhattan last evening, attending another event, I decided to wait another year. I knew all the added security would make a very crowded event even more difficult to see. I'll visit this year's tree as soon as I can -- I never miss seeing it! Happy December 1st!
“He can’t look like that. That’s wrong. Just look at him!” an incensed Romney told Matthew Friedemann, his close friend in the Stevens Hall dorm, according to Friedemann’s recollection. Mitt, the teenaged son of Michigan Gov. George Romney, kept complaining about Lauber’s look, Friedemann recalled.
Maternity clothes? Definitely! but I can still fit into my tank tops! Love those Jersey Old Navy Tank tops! Seriously they are the best!
MacBain, 44, was raised a conservative Southern Baptist. Her dad was a pastor and she felt the call of God when she was 6. She had questions, of course, about conflicts in the Bible, for example, or the role of women. She says she sometimes felt she was serving a taskmaster of a God, whose standards she never quite met.
I got it at Target, but they sell them at all stores like that. At least they did before we got the ton of snow. Now they're selling bathing suits and despite the fact that it's below 0 and snowy outside, I can't find a new winter coat for my daughter to save my life.
little SPUNKY-----When NCTC installed a live cam---it was
Smith devotes several paragraphs to my work, calling me “one unknown man.” (Hey, what happened to “obscure”? Anyhow, some know me as the "Mad Overkiller.")
Then my husband came to the rescue and said, "Why don't you just add those button things?"
Weather: Dry and sunny
Hyacinths are waning, daffodils and hellebores have been in bloom for weeks, sedums are peeking forth, and I hereby declare garden season officially open! (At least in Zone 6 and parts south – Mainers and North Dakotans, tune in in a month or so…)
But last week... Well!!! The weather was spectacular! It was hothothot and blazingly sunny. I think we hit 33C one day and the rest were pretty close to that. The sky was clear for the most part, with only the odd fluffy cloud passing by.
It is rarely a good idea to pitch a new beer on top of an old yeast cake as it's almost always over-pitching but again I'll defer to a rather brilliant and extensive post on the subject by a professional brewer on HomeBrewTalk who says it better than I ever could.
This month our sweet old girl turned 19. I've been pretty amazed, but maybe I shouldn't be. She is quite possible THE most sheltered kitty in the world. She's 100% indoors, she eats well, and is just never, ever exposed to any dangers...unless you consider the dogs, that she slaps around or head butts depending on her mood, a danger.
Taken from radio recordings, shellac and vinyl records, and television shows, this collection spans Bing’s entire career. If you are a Bing Crosby fan, or if you just want some lovely Christmas music to get you into the holiday mood, you will find this collection is something that you will want to play and keep for many years to come.
deep into
Don’t forget too, that 70% of an officers time is ‘paperwork’ related, because of the replication of details, written, typed, sung, danced, and written again, all because we have to cover all angles of attack and having to justify our existence that we are needed to keep our society safe and away from harm.
Brads-Stampin' Up, and unknown
We went very early in the morning when the wildlife is known to be most active. We came across a group of Howler Monkeys and Spider Monkeys- all of the photos just look like trees-
CALLER: So it's OK to say "nigger"?
The Giveaway starts now and will run until Saturday, April 30th. The winner(s) will be announced on May 1st.
Isn't it lovely? My card also features the Serenity collection by BoBunny, and another of those awesome sentiment blocks by Graphic 45... hope you're not sick of seeing them yet :)
"I went to Saint Mary's and I graduated in '62, too!"
this mad gold,
“How d’you do that, Stevie?” Joey, my little brother, always asks the same things. Stevie never seems to mind.
Genesis 19 (NIV):
(I’m conveniently overlooking one Hubbard album during this period that doesn’t rise to the level of his others, 2005’s Delirium Tremolos. Most of the songs on that one are covers. Despite a decent version of James McMurtry’s classic “Choctaw Bingo,” Delirium is a more mellow affair, lacking the rattlesnake blues edge of Hubbard’s other recent records.)
“It took three months to get his blood seemingly back to where he was able to function. Even now, Null’s condition is questionable, as he continues to occasionally urinate blood,” the suit says.
Now that you have a firm grasp on the principles of building relationships let us look deeper in to the implementation of those principles on a more short term basis and in regards to sales. Remember that short term relationships can be just as meaningful as long term ones because relationships do not have to be permanent to be effective. I’m not talking about your wild nights at the bar here either although many of these principles are interchangeable in a variety of settings. I am only focused on the short term relationships we build to help us make sales outside of the nightclub setting.
Treat your personal finances the same way. The concentrated effort in one area will help you reach your goals much quicker.
Is it killing you to not scroll down and see what this final agnolotti of mine looked like? Fine, go ahead if you must, but be warned: I will not reimburse you for any medical bills related to pasta-traumatic stress disorder when you look at them. I know a good lawyer who will protect me from all you crazy agnolotti defenders.
I want to share my knowledge with the world and learn from others too.
I kept inwardly praying to and for these little plants who grew against the odds.
Spiritual energies are at peak during full moons, and in Buddhist tradition the Wesak Moon is the most potent amongst these.
It's been over a week since I posted. And I have a good reason for that...
Alain Badiou reminded me of something I learned back when I was studying the French revolutions but had somehow forgotten, or rather I had lost the sense of just how significant the realization was, what it implied, and how it manifests as an economic slavery. The economy is merely a symptom of politics, I am not supposed to suppose that Marx may have had something there in his philosophy so I won’t, but politics is people living together and our society is bound by economics as a determiner of social status and function-ability. The rich are getting richer and the poor are paying for it, carrying a burden of debt and deprivation that grows more and more oppressive every day.
. . . heals my terrible day,
The buzzword for 2012 is ‘productivity’ and Labor Chief Lim Swee Say is the latest to exhort Singaporeans to raise their productivity rate.
Adrian, as a director for the first time, was the world on your shoulders?
"I guess so. I mean, yes. That's the standard flask that was brought in along with the first shipment of rum, if I recall correctly"
When my Mum visited with a stash of all sorts of goodies for me, she included two Noggin the Nog books from the late 1960s-early 1970s. These books and TV cartoons are a delightful memory from my childhood, Oliver Postgate's work was so wonderful - I loved Pogle's Wood, The Clangers, Ivor the Engine, but Bagpuss and Noggin were my favourites.
It is up to Irish America to make sure Holder gets that message.
If you've read this far (and are unfamiliar with the original story), the Greek above translates roughly as "Bearing your shield, or on it." It's what Plutarch gives us in the Moralia as the instruction of the Spartan women to their husbands and sons as they march to war. I stoically made this declaration to Hopkins the night that he graduated from high school, following his farewell speech to me. Good woman of Sparta that I have always been, I will sit by my loom again and hope for the best.
Finally, there’s the run-off presidential election in France, which could have enormous impact on Germany and Europe. From the moment the debt crisis began in 2008, the responsibility of fixing it has rested primarily on the German-French axis. Truth be told, President Sarkozy’s main responsibility has been to embrace the solutions coming from Berlin, giving them added legitimacy in the eyes of Europe and the rest of the world.
Prize is 4 digis of winners choice - so you can pull your hair out trying to choose just 4!!! or you can treat yourself to some because you are special!
Governor Murtala Nyako of Adamawa State yesterday berated the northern elite for the socio-economic and security problems plaguing the region, stressing that the situation is borne out of poor leadership in the region.
5. Fill each muffin cup ~3/4 full. Bake for 25 minutes or until a skewer shows only moist crumbs attached (mine were done just after 20 minutes), rotating the pans at the halfway point. Allow cupcakes to cool completely in the pans before removing.
Spokespersons
Xxa
There has been so much doom and gloom in regard to this Mercury Rx and these eclipses. I’m going to try something different.
Richard Barnbook: Will the new Mayor repudiate his predecessor's plan in respect of Black cab drivers by positively discriminating in favour of members of some ethnic groups over other ethnic groups through a scheme (the BAME and knowledge programme) run by the London Development Agency set up in October last year?
After training for a 1/2 marathon I found myself smack-dab in the middle of a rapidly developing bout with plantar fascitis. As I began to “rehabilitate” my foot (only my left – which was interesting) I began to feel overwhelmed by the “opinions” and “facts” thrown around on running blogs and news articles.
NYC
For a moment the glowing discs
SMQ on UCLA: 7-6, overall meh-ness.
4. The Warden’s Walk—If you want to know anything about fantasy, sci-fi, movies, poetry, and all other things creative, this is the site for you. Not only that, but he evaluates many works from a Christian standpoint. Go read his work and learn something.
The colours I used throughout the tag were - Scattered straw, tumbled glass, fired brick, gathered twig distress inks with some white paint thrown in. I inked various patched of the three main colours on the tag before laying a piece of sequin remnant over the top and inking the same colours again through the holes.
I love this room with its pink walls and accessories, mod black chair and white table, with a traditional Windsor chair sitting in the background.
See you tomorrow for Photo Friday!
Now the authors consider these tests suggestive but not conclusive, saying this:
Crown Law Office, Criminal - Ministry of Attorney General, Ontario Government
mention anyone else but yourself, in your books.
These new generation lamps are easy to install at any outdoor locations. These lamps are environment-friendly as they do not emit UV radiations. Moreover, these lights had been tested for its high shock resistance, efficiency and durability which make it the best in LED lighting category.
Sources say the gang, comprising young Muslim men who sport "SOI'' tattoos, has sprung up on the Glitter Strip relatively recently.
There has been a sudden interest in salt, it even seems that some people are making artisan salts...from different areas of the world. I keep kosher salt for most of my cooking, but my sister-in-law introduced me to sea salt. It's pretty, isn't it?
I know everyone won’t agree but I’ve always felt that film noir works well in a gothic setting, where the atmosphere is necessarily thick and crimes (particularly crimes of passion) are a basic ingredient. In addition, the social constraints that govern the characters’ lives and actions help to increase the feeling of pressure, while the ornately forbidding homes where many such stories are played out can be just as menacing in their own way as any rain-slicked urban sidewalk. I think the fact that noir isn’t a real genre is one of its great strengths; this lends it a flexibility allowing theme, mood and look to assume as much importance as time and place. Fritz Lang’s House by the River (1950), dripping in heavy gothic atmosphere, confined for the most part to the titular house, and exploiting the suffocating moral code of its period setting, is most definitely film noir. It’s an interesting and at times visually striking work, but not an entirely successful one. However, I’ll go into the reasons for that later.
Although Labour are in a bit of a pickle at the moment and do not have a single policy or position worthy of seripus discussion this will change. Make no mistake about that!
draft. She was pure evil, one of the most evil forces in the book. I don’t know when my mind would have worked that out if I had not been running. Joyce Carol Oates had it right all along.
Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer ... Cartoon Network (west) ... 2 PM
I was very, very amused. But, you know, they didn't go to school to study geography; it was probably unimportant in light of all the medical knowledge they had crammed into their brains. They were absolutely awesome doctors. They did know what they were doing. They got Hubby on the right medications (it took two tries--the first med they gave him made him not be able to hear). However, he had developed pneumonia, so we were in the hospital for a week because of the malaria and pneumonia. I spent numerous hours sitting in the dark hospital room (since Hubby couldn't stand the light), writing and chatting on AIM and staying sane. I ran back and forth between the hospital and apartment to shower/pick things up. It was quite a honeymoon. :p
First I covered my kraft tag with 3 patterned papers trimming them just smaller than the tag. Then I stamped out the sentiment and adhered that with some double sided tape. I coloured my image with copic markers, trimmed her out and adhered here with 3D foam dots, just slightly over the sentiment.
My favorite anecdote in the book occurred in December of 1971, when Monk and his wife Nellie went to see The Duke Ellington Orchestra at The Rainbow Grill in Rockefeller Center, New York City. The band was in full “swing” as Monk walked toward a table to sit down; Duke eyed him from the stage and immediately cut the band off in mid song and approached the mike. “Ladies and gentlemen, the baddest left hand in the history of jazz has just entered the room, Mr. Thelonious Monk.” Monk stood there smiling at Duke as the crowd gave him a long ovation. Thelonious had started taking piano lessons at the age of 11 in 1928. After 43 years of people telling Monk how he sounded, the great Duke Ellington had just given him his ultimate compliment. On this night, Thelonious Monk didn’t mind being labeled at all.
So at this point I realised that if I was to get off the Gill I would probably break some bones; a lot of bones, as I couldn’t see any way down. I decided to use my ass on a scree and slide down to the drop into the stream that I could see below, or I could call mountain rescue to get me off there! I couldn’t face that so broken bones was the best choice in my mind. I pushed myself off and i plummetted down and down and down…here it comes, first broken bone. Just at the drop I slid to a gentle stop. Pebbles in my shorts and grazed arse, but no broken bones. I learnt not to use those offpiste routes ever again and followed someone else at least and then the two of you can help each other out if it gets difficult.
Overabundance of Red and White:
Of course, there is a lot of anecdotal evidence that almost everyone can share, but there are also numerous studies supporting this, including:
My family went to soba restaurant for lunch after we visited Tsurugaoka Hachimangu near Kamakura Station. This restaurant is not far from the Kamakura Station. It is a tiny restaurant on this small road that branched off of “Komachidori”, which I will post about later.
That’s all certainly predictable. Only one character so far is even potentially gay (Renly Baratheon, and that aspect has been really played down), and there’s not a person of color anywhere to be seen in Westerros, aside from the mainland Dothraki and the Lamb-people, who are pretty standard ‘orientalist’ caricatures. As with most medieval dramas, its Euro-America’s way of dreaming of a post-racial future by going pre-colonialist, even pre-crusades. Eek.
A girl just came in to my room and asked if I could paint her nails for her. Can’t say that I am up for cheeriness. But I am blocking myself away and out of all possibilities of getting out of this frame of mind. I just want it to be 10pm so that I can take my 14mgs Immovane and get off too bed. I tried to have an early night last night and I just slept awfully, on and off because my body simply didn’t need that much sleep. It’s now 8pm. I’ve passed 30 minutes.
This new preconference will complement the Business 101 preconference and will provide librarians in academic and public libraries with a broad conceptual understanding of business support and business reference. No prior business reference experience is required.
Lots of great options on the menu, and my original thought was to have a burger. Instead, they had a thin cut rib eye on the menu served with a mashed potato and asparagus, and I just couldn't pass it up at $20 or whatever the cost was.
Or cast as rubbish to the void,
Although I didn´t make any crafty resolution, this week I'm using all my new stuff. In this card, the stamp is the new thing I'm using, I inked it up for first time on Sunday evening and later in the week I colored it.
i do not publish viewer names unless asked,and i do not keep any emails after the picture or links are posted .....
Former NFL player Junior Seau was found dead in his home in Oceanside, CA from an apparent suicide, TMZ reports. The 43-year-old football legend allegedly shot himself.
Here are this week's Gus Rankings. Not a surprise: LSU leading the pack at 6 points. Definitely a surprise: South Florida right there with LSU at 6 points as well!
Just want asynchronous desire stacks
3. The Temple, the Chedi, the Shrine. In Bangkok it felt like I am sort of living in Bali, everywhere I go I can see the offering, the incense sticks, the flowers, pretty similar like our tradition back home. It creates instant calming effect on me because I will bow my head and say a prayer whenever I pass by one. Picture below is The Chedi at Wat Phra Kaew taken from the Grand Palace ground, it was the evening of the King’s Birthday, I will never forget that photo walk, had some gorgeous shot of the celebration and also my first time releasing Yi Peng ( sky lantern ), will find the photos and blog about it separately
Ainsley is incredibly tempted by the affair Cam is offering, but in her impoverished state she is a lady-in-waiting to Queen Victoria who does not tolerate a breath of impropriety about her attendants. After a barely averted scandal in her youth, she also doesn’t want to disgrace her caring brothers who have always tried to do the best by her.
We can’t simply admit that designing cities around private vehicle use was a huge mistake, and then tear up the suburbs and start all over again. I know, I know. As tempting as that is. But we can admit continuing to design cities for the primacy of private vehicle use is a mistake and stop doing it. Let’s start from the centre and work our way out. That part of Toronto that was here before cars were and that has been scarred trying to accommodate the ease of automobile use ever since. Let’s reclaim that. Not by banning cars but by forcing them to start sharing more evenly, both spatially and economically.
Ramachandran et al. interpret these findings as evidence of "emotion-colour synaesthesia" - the implication being that TK actually perceives emotions as colours. This is certainly one possibility, but it's worth noting that similar effects are commonly observed in typical adults using non-emotion words that have associations with colours. For example, it's easier and quicker to name the colours in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY than it is in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY.
Altos – “And He Shall Feed his Flock” (Messiah)
What is my favorite color?
Ever have a friend who when you lose touch for years, you connect instantly again like they were never gone? That’s my Peter.
Yesterday...
I am just relaxing with a book...well, with my netbook right now. After while, we will get ready and head over for some more gambling fun!
Bubba-Ho-Tep. The Man with the Screaming Brain. Alien Invasion. Burn Notice. Evil Dead (1, 2, and 3 – AKA “Army of Darkness“). My Name is Bruce. And many others.
✔ Experiment! WordCam can be really amazing but you HAVE to experiment.
People need and seek community. In sailing, like fly fishing, like painting, like cycling and so many other pursuits, a mostly independent activity is followed at the end of the day with getting together for drinks, or comparing notes on how the next person did, or building unlikely friendships that end up lasting a very long time based on a common interest. People who like solo activities are anything but loners.
Yesterday, eyeing a block of tofu in the fridge and not wanting to indulge S's newfound obsession with deep-fried tofu, I decided to whip up some BBQ sauce and bake some slabs instead. I was a bit intimidated though... could anything I make approach the level of greatness of North Carolina or Memphis style BBQ sauce? I decided there wasn't much to lose in giving it a whirl. I looked up several recipes and combined them into one that featured the ingredients I had on hand, including a chipotle from an already opened can. (Never waste chipotles, that is my mantra.)
10. Craft items are probably the most sought after items by many local organizations, churches and school. All types of items, think creatively.
This past weekend while I was in my training for Body Pump, I made sure to pack myself lunch and adequate snacks. While I was eating one of my snacks, some of the girls that I had made friends with asked what I was eating. I told them what this tasty little morsel was and rattled off the ingredient list without really thinking anything of it. Both of their eyes lit up, and they asked where I got the recipe. “I made it up!” was the answer, and instantly a light bulb clicked in my head that I should make them a batch of this little treat and share the recipe with them.
I was destined for failure for that reason alone.
Keep in mind that this list is far from all-inclusive. And remember, when in doubt, you can write to Writer Beware and ASK us if a publisher or agent is okay BEFORE you sign on that dotted line. The service is free. The email address is beware@sfwa.org
I gave away a few V cards to some of my bloggy & real world friends. I custom-ordered them from Cathy through her Etsy store, CatShy Crafts. Aren't they just adorbs (adorable)? I bought a lot of felt goodies from Cathy but have been hoarding them. These particular ones are cute because not only did they decorate the Valentine's, they are also detachable and re-usable!
So that's it for this baby book. I can't finish the other one until Stephanie finds out what she's having, which should be next week.
These photos are of June's Tappan Deluxe with a model number of TV-6219. Her stove is original to her 1950's house and she is only the 3rd owner of the Tappan! June sent the photos with a few questions.
On June 20th, Tim and I signed a contract on our new home. We got word that our financing was approved and that we will be closing on July 29th. We are so very excited about our new adventure in our new home!
That’s my list. I’m sure there may be some disagreement – means we have more stars in this sport than we spend time talking about! And that’s a good thing. I have a few more things I want to look back on before Christmas gets . Much to look at before we close the door on 2011.
to the first 5 people who leave a comment here.
.. finally I found a source we picked some up and we made some cakes (cause one shared cake canvas never works)
My dog killed:
I hope you all had just as wonderful of a weekend...these are my absolute favorite kind- packed with fun, sun, work that makes you feel good, and love! I have a few recipes to share tomorrow from our delicious dinner on Saturday night, have a fab day! xo
Today’s topic is about being accessible and responsive to your audience. It is one thing to have an inbox where people can send you a message, and it is an entirely other thing to reply to those messages. I’ve highlighted a few websites and blogs in previous posts. Last week I mentioned Chris Guillebeau author of The Art of Non-Conformity in my post about growing your followers. My blogging guru friend Jay Dampier suggested I send Chris an e-mail telling him I’ve mentioned him in my blog. So, listening to Jay (like I always do), I sent off an e-mail to Chris mentioning the blog. I also asked him if he had any criticisms or feedback. I’d love to hear it. Within 4 hours he sent me the following reply:
How can something that felt so right have ended up like this? How can the man that I feel with every shred of my being was my soulmate and the one I was going to marry – no longer want a part in our formerly shared hopes and dreams? How am I ever going to rise above this and see myself as anything other than tarnished second rate goods?
Please Note: I was not given monetary compensation in order to do the review and I was only sent the scarf for review purposes. All views expressed within this review post are my own. The giveaway item is provided by AffordableScarves.com and they will be sending the item directly to the winner!
I came to it needing/wanting to lean up, and shed the last bloody five pounds from my last pregnancy. I had been trimming excess and refined carbs, and working out consistently for a few months, but not seeing any positive movement on the scale, or in the fit of my clothes.
My mother used to make these vadis in large quantity (enough for an year) for me, my sisters and herself, so today I am sharing my mother's pic with all of you, as she's setting out the vadis to dry in the sun.
Since watching a number of episodes of The Electric Company (yeah, Netflix!) she completely understands the concept of the silent E and while she doesn't know yet which words have a silent E and which don't, if she is struggling to say a word and I tell her "silent E," she can immediately say it; she knows exactly what each vowel should sound like in that situation. I think it's really cool how easily she learned that and how well she knows the vowels' different sounds. The Electric company has also taught Sweet Pea how to read words with 's or 've or 'd, etc. at the end. She doesn't yet fully understand possessive uses of apostrophes, but she totally gets that "doesn't" is a contraction of the words "does not." It is incredible how easily she picks up some of this language stuff!
(d) to continue in force laws and appropriations which would lapse or otherwise become inoperative, and to modify or suspend the operation or application of those of an administrative character:
You can add a denim jacket for more of a dressed down Fall look or slip on tights when that Winter wind starts to blow for a totally different look. ‘ve worn these dresses with Sunglass also from Gold In The Night This is one versatile dress that will have you looking amazing!
This is the fabulous design I used for my card from The Sketchy Challenges. I worked perfectly with all the diecuts and punches I needed to use so I'm playing along in that challenge. I just loved using this layout!
The story, as possibly familiar from movies, is that the culture of the British Navy, perhaps taken to an authoritarian extreme, strikes the values of the South Sea islanders and crumbles. The men rebel, and cast off their officers, taking local wives and fleeing to a different island. Bligh, in a feat of extraordinary seamanship, gets his people to safety. The Pandora (named, coincidentally, for a mythical temptress) is sent on a mission of reprisal. This ends in tragedy.
"I mean do you really love me?"
Let us pray this morning that we can learn to become masters at giving others the benefit of the doubt.
The center, however, was another story. Men tend to smash against uruks like waves on the rocks. And that’s what happened. My only advantage was that the sniping casualties would get him making Courage checks once the army got broken, but having 2 characters in there meant he didn’t have to check much. When my force broke, it was another thing entirely. After several rounds of combat where it was really not clear who would win (specially because every figure checks courage every turn, so you get unexpected casualties). In the end the uruks were outnumbering the Gondorians and it was easy to kill them.
Stirring Insights Limited
After the cleaning finally stopped, my mom, sister, and I headed to the local mall for a bit of shopping. I got a really cute little black dress for an amazing price!
cfsac@hhs.gov (Email)
Well, apparently it's now been decided, since the aforementioned TV Shows On DVD site posted a report today that Logan's Run - The Complete Series will be released wide in stores and to other retail outlets (like Amazon) on April 10, 2012. The 3-DVD set, containing all 14 episodes (including the feature-length pilot episode), is priced at $39.98 SRP. No extras have yet been announced.
Mr Byrne insisted: 'My letter was a joke, from one Chief Secretary to another. I do hope David Laws's sense of humour wasn't another casualty of the coalition deal.'But a furious Mr Laws hit back, saying it was 'all too true' that Labour had left finances in an 'utterly ruinous state'.Experts are warning that 25 per cent spending cuts in most government departments are now necessary - the biggest seen for 65 years. Chancellor George Osborne is preparing to unveil the first tranche, worth £6billion, next week.I do hope that Liam Byrne dies slowly an painfully from cock cancer the utter evil cunt that he is, along with every fucking other labour politician each and every one of which was complicit in the scorched earth, spend all our money policies of New Labour.
Political correctness has polluted our language and clouds our every discussion.
The word is discreet.
I hope that by the end of today, there will be a working bathroom in my house.
3.Smile whenever you look at your wobbly fish!
Similar to Ben & Jerry’s, je & jo was started by two ice cream fanatics who have excellent principles and even better taste. And a love for cookie dough in their ice cream.
Excellent new single which you can download here by giving an email address. The video is pretty awesome, too, and you can watch it at the end of this post. Sample lyric: "Like the shotgun needs an outcome, I'm your prostitute, you gon' get some!!!" Wow!
Continue to focus on your breathing
Later on I had Meatball send me a couple of volunteers with mops to clean up the mess. They did a fine job without griping (which is always a plus) and hopefully kept some of the water from leaking down into the offices down stairs.
* 6000 volunteers
The moment seemed to drag on forever. Peter was experiencing pain far beyond anything he felt on the walk to the valley. He half formed the word “yes” when he remembered the vision of the woman. He could almost see her rising slowly toward the clouds. He looked at ground trying to buy himself time before answering. The emptiness inside him was winning, the “yes” once again climbed up his throat, when out of nowhere, the ground began to glow blue. It looked exactly as it did when the woman departed him. The others did not see it; it was for Peter’s eyes alone. He stammered, “No, I shall drink the chalice my Father gives me.”
Since I have reusing my yeast as one of my Brew Year Goals, I took a look at the recipes and found a number of series using the same yeast and primary malt. None require a secondary or dry hopping or exceed an original gravity of 1.070, which would seem to make them ideal candidates for yeast reuse. I have them listed here by increasing alcohol content, which is what some recommend.
If designing your own project seems to be a bit complicated for your current level of expertise, it's certainly something we can all aspire to. Remember that Peri has been an artist for some time and while her methods may appear to be too complex for us, everyone has to start somewhere. There are always books and videos to get you started on designing your own needlework. Start small and you just may find that it's something that you want to learn more about.
After England v Wales and Liverpool v Cardiff I think I need a lie down in a darkened room for quite a few days. My Auntie Mary, the gun-totin' fighting nun from the posh end of Fairwater "texted" me as they were visiting relatives and she said they were all crying in their beer.
02. I'm Nothing
other's mistakes and what they needed to improve on. I learned
Let us know what your favorite item from this shop is. (1 entry)
Her sisters were there for her; if they had not been come so quickly when they got the news, I could not have done everything that I did to prepare for my father's services, and I am very grateful for everything they did for my mother while they were here in central Florida.
That helps keep her active as I don’t always spend enough time playing with her.
I find that one a little martial for my taste, but this highlights the mainspring of the tragedy in these poems. These men weren’t unwilling conscripts: so many of them left school and university with heads full of Virgil and Horace, and marched straight into a human abbatoir. This was what Wilfred Owen was driving at when he quoted Horace in Dulce et Decorum est, which inevitably is featured in this volume. I shan’t quote from it, because everyone knows it already. This classical education, which encouraged verse composition, gives rise to moments of elegiac beauty, like this from Leslie Coulson’s From the Somme. He was killed in 1916.
Nationally, €159,044 (last month €159,044, peak €313,998)
More could be seen at my stall.
2010.08.08 Iraq Ramadi 8 50 Eight Iraqis are pasted by Jihadi bombers.
And, still, this unit had not been rented or even occupied for over two years.
Along with every one of these fantastic attributes, these kind of Blackberry mobile phones Storm 2 discounts are generally accessible in every one of the significant networks inside Uk. These kinds of networks consist of O2, Orange, Virgin, Vodafone, Three along with T Mobile. In addition these all networks tend to be offering your people a number of eye-catching totally free items as well as your mobiles. Consequently your customers tend to be effortlessly obtaining fascinated toward these kinds of deals.
I’ve been focusing on telling the stories of my maternal grandmother, Edna Buckman Kearns, in a blog and web site called Suffrage Wagon News Channel. It’s not only the original stories gleaned from my grandmother’s papers, but I’m making a bridge between Edna’s times and today. It’s about how we can build leadership today by telling stories of the suffrage movement. I have storytelling in my bones. I believe it’s a human trait going back to the beginning of recorded time and before.
Spontaneous. I don't plan very often. On the rare occasion when I do try to plan, my artwork rises up mightily and asserts itself. Rarely does it ever match my plan. Sometime I deliberately choose techniques that will force spontaneity no matter what -- like the salt I threw on this piece. You try controlling salt as it spreads in wet paint.
Anecdote: Colloidal silver liquid saves lives
I knew, when I said yes to my Paul, that there would be some adjustments. You don’t go from being single and either dating or not dating (mostly not dating) for your entire adult life, and then suddenly promise yourself to someone for the rest of it and move in with him, and not expect to face some adjustments. There are some. Like–I have discovered my inner neatnik. I didn’t even know I had an inner neatnik. Compared to Mom, I still don’t. But let’s just say I’m acting a whole lot more domestic than I used to. All that was more or less to be expected, though. It’s going fine. But let’s be honest. They’re still adjustments. This, however, is the part I kind of forgot to think about:
Now, I'm here to arbitrarily pass unqualified judgment on commercials, not people, so whatever you like to put into your mouth is your own business. But I will say this: if you like eating at The Olive Garden, you have the same ability to distinguish flavor as does a dog that died in the 17th Century. If they issued eating licenses, you would have had yours revoked. When overpopulation becomes such a problem that hunting human beings for sport on prime-time television becomes a national phenomenon, you, the Olive Garden customers, will be the first into the Death Maze.
I sit back into the car. My colleague Gary Ashe is doing the driving. After a few seconds, he glances over at me and says: “She’s way past the crying stage, isn’t she?” “Yeah,” I reply quietly. We drive on, heading to our hotel, job done. Audrey Fitzpatrick walks into the bar and back to her search for her little girl. Back to her living nightmare.
This week's volunteer day at the organic farm involved counting to 9 about 900 times. I transplanted baby bok choy seedlings ~ spaced exactly 9 inches apart, in 3 perfect rows, in raised beds that go on for at least a mile.
I continued my search for the perfect beautiful setting.
I put my boots on.
Alzheimer’s Disease
A few weeks ago, Annie Flanagan of St James Cheese in New Orleans had a pretty good idea for a fundraiser – get some local breweries to donate some of their beers, which would be paired with several courses of cheese donated by St. James, sell tickets and donate one hundred percent of the proceeds to charity. And you know what, it was a huge success! All the money raised from the sold out evening was donated to New Incentives, an organization raising money to help young orphans and vulnerable children. With their partner COPE (Care of Nigeria’s Poor), the money raised that night will allow 92 children to be enrolled and continue to attend school, have regular visits to the doctor, eat a nourishing diet, get their birth certificates and receive vocational training. As always the folks at St. James Cheese were incredible and passionate with everything they did and everyone attending the event was awesome. For more information or to help out, check out www.newincentives.org.
I knew these bowls would be perfect for the job!
a response.
"Kirin Emblem. 43 per cent alcohol.
karma is a bitch
The Greek word Jesus uses is tetelestai. We see the word appear only two times in the entire New Testament- one in John 19:28 and one in John 19:30. In John 19:28 we read that “everything had been fulfilled / accomplished / completed.” Or, everything had been “tetelestai.” Then, before He offered His spirit to the Father, Jesus asked for a drink (John 19:28). It seems He did this so He would be able to speak boldly without a parched, cracked speech.
I like you too much to bore you like that!
2 teaspoons ground ginger
Lindsey
And as I stood there in my lovely friends' washroom, all halloweened up, I did the only thing a really comfortable friend would do, I took off the girdle and let my rather large patooty explode!!! And as my body parts then settled back into their regular roles, I proceeded to jump around like a maniac trying to wave the rather nauseous scent away, then I rejoined the group, prayed nobody needed the bathroom soon, drank some wine and relaxed.
I'm a working man and a father of three young children who need me around.
As I dunk my Rich Tea biscuit into my cup of out-of-date typhoo tea, I discover to my horror they have changed! They're all thin in the middle and sort of...Holey...I'm not sure when they changed but as no-one told me I feel cheated. Has anyone else noticed? Who do I complain to? Ach sure i'll call Orange again and take it out on them.
Yes its true, I took my CA plates off my car yesterday! It was all a rush of emotions! The first thing Andrew asked me when he came home to seeing me putting the new plates on my car was.....are you ok???? In a very concerned tone. I love how he knows me so well. Im sure had it been a different time of the month, I would have been a complete wreck, but I was fine. At least I get to keep my CA plates right! And...I have to think ive got a nice souvenir when I finally move back to CA!
Cassandra Archer is the Huntress. She has faithfully served the Earth Mother for years, rescuing kidnapped children from monsters - both human and supernatural - dwelling in the abandoned ruins of the Barrows district of Duivel, Missouri.
Colors are always effected by what's adjacent to them.
3. And finally, you can win the only signed proof copy of Daughter Am I and have fun doing it by going on a treasure hunt. Click here for a chance to win the book: Treasure Hunt!
I was at our local library talking to the volunteer coordinator about my volunteer application. She looked at it and turned to me and said, ’We need a few library grandparents, would you be interested in something like that?’
It is the raggedness that gives these places their charm. Paris with its strict planning rules and its facade of wealth makes for a very homogeneous picture which in itself can become dull. The suburbs, with their tower blocks neighbouring quaint houses and Parisian style Haussmannian buildings makes for a much more disorderly spectacle. As you walk through the suburbs, you literally never know what will be around the corner.
Savard: Why.
Or to put it another way, get the hell out of my country.
1 unconscious
They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.
4. Between 2001 and 2011, the USGS reports that there were more than 40,000 earthquakes in the U.S., almost 5,000 of which did not occur in the big three states.
God used Nehemiah in a powerful way at a critical time in his plan of salvation. And Nehemiah drew his strength from the character of God which he saw expressed in requirements of the law and temple.
Fluently translated by her friend and interpreter Alyona Kojevnikov, Information Director of Keston College in Kent, Grey is the Colour of Hope contains some of Irina Ratushinskayas previously unpublished poems.
And here I am this morning ............
I can’t predict the future
Now, I would love to say I left this all behind in high school. However, this pattern continued during my college years with Garrett and Zac, while Fred, to this day, ignores me during the holidays that we both spend at our parent’s houses, across the street, but miles apart.
We can’t walk trough air
2. Using the bubble wrap as a guide, draw images on the paper of different road trip sights. Get your child involved by talking about what you might see and asking them for suggestions (even if you're unlikely to see one, keeping them on the lookout for an elephant could occupy a lot of time). Depending on their age, use colors, numbers, letters and symbols to give the game an educational element. If they are old enough, kids can draw the images themselves — or give them a sheet to make their own game. If you're not comfortable drawing, find clipart online to print or cut out pictures from magazines and glue them in place.
There are several campaigns and provides to be found on the internet which include clearance share upon mens evening wear like meal coats, slacks as well as accessories. Take a look at Dinner-suit.corp.united kingdom specific
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Romito P. Mesures protectrices pour les femmes enceintes au travail. Rev Fr Aff Sociales 1992; .. : 49-65.
There was something about the man that made you want to be better than yourself in order to live up to his expectations. Once you were one of “his people” you could change your point of view, disagree with him, but on no account could you let yourself down.
We attended the Bowerbird Bazar at the Queen's Theatre in Adelaide city centre a couple of weeks ago, which was also sponsored by the Australian arm of Etsy. So you can imagine the level of quality and excellence amongst the traders. Very Etsy.
D has been so supportive. She has been very encouraging of my runs, even though there are times when I can hear her mental thoughts saying “really you are going to run again? I wish you would do the dishes instead.” But she doesn’t say this. She helps me find time to get a run in, even if its only for a mile around the block. Yesterday I took the kids for a bike ride and gave D some alone time. When I got back we played outside and this was the first time I ran around the block. After we came in for the night I looked at my bike ride and run on Endomondo. She laughed and said “My wife the triatlete” LOL NO NO NO – I quickly responded. Your wife can’t swim so that will never happen. I can walk, run, or bike but cannot swim. I am so blessed that I have such a great wife.
All the best J
7. Think of pieces that are multifunctional, and can go from morning till evening. Those are my favs. What are yours. Picture from Eileen Fisher
As always, just click the caption to get our own copy :-) And please remember that all the printables offered here at the Scattered Squirrel are for personal use only. If you would like to use them for something other than personal use, please shoot me an email (email addy is on the right side bar) and we can work something out!
I am going to log them hopefully before the end of the week and then i will start putting the package together.
11. March 2007 Honey Bees
This was a 2 layer image so I had to cut out another set for the grey color
But suppose anyway. If this progression matches your language learning record, then you are likely to have created a problem for accepted accounts of language learning abilities – or ingrained beliefs about these abilities, which often amount to the same thing. You cannot have acquired proficient command of your new language because only children are able to do that, and you were no longer a child when you started your multilingual journey. But if you have indeed acquired proficient command of your new language (child-like command, perhaps?), you cannot be an adult, or at least not a typical adult. Since black-or-white persuasions like child = good language learner-or-adult = bad language learner take much toil and trouble to be thought over and revised, it’s easier to create a new label that fits them. You must then be a cross-breed of adult state and child ability, which obviously is something wondrous that we can’t really explain – and perhaps shouldn’t attempt to explain, lest we spoil the magic of it all: in a nutshell, the stars must have been partial to you.
I walked away from abusive relationships.
be animals or robots.
The day before I flew to Israel on a month’s holiday, I had a terrible dilemma: had I packed too many books, (not a common concern for me, but my bags were already sagging a little, and Easyjet are not the over-packer’s friend), or not enough, (an ever-present fear). There appeared before me in a charity shop a slim tome which seemed to answer my concerns: only 50p, under 100 pages and weighing practically nothing, but ringing some sort of bell as being an erotic masterpiece.
VIII. At the start of the climb, Gimme passes that club jerseyed guy who had the temerity to pass Gimme on the flat. Gimme leaves him for dead. The sky starts to do something beyond merely raining.
However other spas caught my eye and I had to share these little gems:
As chaos continues from votes being fought tooth and nail, obvious miss rulings by the chairmen resulting in division and a near committee member diabetic dodge, there is one voice which rises with an olive branch extended to both sides. Her name is Valerie and she reminds me a lot of Captain Kathryn Janeway from Voyager; only she doesn’t have an Intrepid class starship and she’s a much snazzier dresser. If there’s anything I do know about this lassie though it’s this; if she did have an Intrepid class starship she’d put a Ron Paul sticker on the back of it. Some people of a distorted persuasion in the area of courting inflatable counterparts and I’m not implying that’s the case with Val but what I would like to propose is that in the realm of possibilities; in the event that she did have that persuasion she would have an inflatable Ron Paul but all they would do is cuddle. Maybe eat some Hagen Daz on a cloudy day and stay inside watching reruns of ‘West Wing’ or something or other. Let me scribble it in this fashion so you may better understand the dedication this woman has when it comes to the ideas that Ron Paul stands for when I say that if Kevin had indeed been some sort of serial killer, flipped out and nicked Valerie, instead of yelling “Ouch” she would without a kneejerk pause yell “End the Fed”.
It’s ironic that in the same weekend Luis Suarez got his first hat rick for us Fernando Torres achieved the same fete for Chelsea. Both players have had their problems since their respective moves however on the pitch Suarez has easily eclipsed Torres in terms of bedding down into his new team. Suarez’s goal tally for the campaign could be better however one can say about every Reds attacker or midfielder this season. What he has provided is a threat, he is the footballing equivalent of a hypoactive child, defenders can’t take eyes off him for fear of what he’s going to do next. A day like Saturday was always going to happen, and surely there will be more!
Such a remarkable person, and such a profound message!
9:02 PM – The Viper appears on the Tron, and he has a surprise for Kane. Randy has Paul Bearer tied up backstage, and attempts to provoke Kane by putting Paul in harm’s way. Why do you suppose poor Paul always end up tied up in a wheelchair and abused by Kane’s opponents? You would think Paul would have changed his address, or gone into witness protection, or something by now. Kane, however, is not moved enough to help his father because he is a monster. So Randal resorts to Plan B and instead goes after Kane with a lead pipe. Kane retreats through the crowd.
- in discussion at the disc golf tournament in Oregon
The account of Left/Right attitudes that I have given suggests why this is so. For a start, the assumption that Fascists or Nazis are Right-wing is false. Hitler himself energetically claimed to be a socialist and Mussolini (the founder of Fascism) was a prominent Marxist. I have already summarized the evidence for that at great length so will elaborate it no further at this point.
I do not have many masks (one actually) and as you can see it's the one with the clock and gears. My new Spring Distress Inks came through the letterbox on Friday, and now I've finished my night shifts I can get them out and play. I wasn't too sure about them at first, but I think they are definitely growing on me.
Cat and Karen came over on Saturday night and we ate yummy food and drank wine and had a lovely girly time. I wore this same outfit, only with black socks (and my leopard slippers).
here I am, as I promised.. hosting my first international giveaway...
10 years ago there were no hares in 99 percent of county down now they are thriving and its through gun clubs and a few dog men and their reintroduction work and not a ban on coursing.
The bloke is off later in the week for yet another jaunt over the seas. My joy over his overwhelming career success must occasionally take a back seat to my bitter resentment. Only occasionally. Mostly it's just generic brand grumpiness at being a solo parent but there is a twinge of jealousy of getting to do the stuff you're really good at, for money and acclaim, unencumbered. A reflection on the limitations placed on my own work I guess. Anyway, ho hum same old same old.
I will make an effort.
So now I suppose I have to give you something right?
ame of agent),=0A=0AGiven today=A2s high cesarean section rates, increasing=
Gareth van Onselen is the DA's executive director of special projects. This article is written in his personal capacity.
#13. getting a full nights rest
- Doing Mudras (hand yoga) minimum 15 minutes
Blu-ray: US - $279.99/Canada - $319.99
DH: (laughing) It's like those kids on the refrigerator!
The plan is I'll talk for about 30 to 40 minutes but the rest of the we'll work on getting you a real Twitter account, so you can jump in. Honestly, even though the concept is basic, I find that people learn best when they're in it.
When the pool of teardrops are in the corner of my eye, welling up with nowhere to go, it’s the thing that pushes one drop over the edge and onto my cheek, causing all the rest to overflow. It’s the thing that made me walk into the street without looking both ways. It’s the emotion that makes me come home and watch television alone so I don’t have to address the pit in my stomach that carries the weight of an infinite ancestral line of ache.
Anthony Alvarado, 31, New York, N.Y.
As the paper is written clearly, I’ll quote a bit from it rather than paraphrase it. Here’s the authors’ rationale:
High employee morale has been one of the measures of a highly productive organisation. As a human resource professional, in the quest for achieving high employee morale, it is necessary that you are well-tuned into the pulse of the organisation to sense workplace pessimism. Pessimism about the work place usually manifests due to loss of confidence in the management or the product line of the business, or disproportionate work–life balance.
Then another dude floated down, and another. All these tall gorgeous blonde men falling from the sky, hanging from big poofy parachute thingies. It was like Christmas and New Year's and my birthday all in one. Only thing that would have made it better is if a) they were naked and b) I had my camera.
Her writings include the evolution of consciousness, motherhood and spirituality, conscious parenting and empowering women to re-connect with their feminine power.
LUC would like to extend our huge respect and solidarity to everyone who came out to oppose SPUC, both in Lincoln and across the country. We will continue to confront them whenever they take to the streets, and always fight to keep abortion safe, free and legal.
Under European law, the state of the art is "everything made available to the public by means of a written or oral description, by use, or in any other way, before the date of filing of the European patent application" (Article 54 EPC). This would certainly cover traditional knowledge, which is often communicated by use and by word of mouth. A problem with such disclosures is that of proof. The EPO is typically reluctant to accept oral disclosures as prior art unless backed up with sufficiently persuasive evidence. This is where the Traditional Knowledge Digital Library supposedly comes in. The TKDL, a collaborative project between the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research and the Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy, was set up in 2001 to document traditional knowledge that was claimed to be already known in India, sometimes for hundreds of years.
He flashed his trademark V for victory sign to the crowd before stepping into the home, which was draped with British and American flags, where he was greeted by owner, Joseph P. Romeo, a dress designer. Churchill’s tour of the house was limited to the ground floor. “He doesn’t do stairs,” one of his handlers informed the group.
As they once did, upon a time.
I said in earlier posts that, as part of my quest to learn to like Belgian beers, I'd give Celis White another shot, since I probably haven't had one in 12 or so years. Well, I bought a sixer from Grapevine Market, but nope ... I just don't like it. The problem isn't the Belgianness — as I've established over the past couple of weeks, I've learned to like Belgian styles. No, the problem is that Celis White is a wheat beer. And I'll probably have the same bunch of friends ride my ass for unilaterally stating that I do not like wheat beers (just like I did with Belgians), but it's just a fact: I don't like wheat beers. And this tasting of Celis confirmed it.
17 Tbsp Honey
Aiba Masaki to unite with a crime solving cat for new drama on NTV KARA’s Gyuri assures fans she’s OK after vocal cord surgery Man responsible for spreading fake nude photos of Girls’ Generation caught AKB48’s Maeda Atsuko to release new photobook, “Bukiyou” Sashihara Rino to Release Solo Debut Single on 2nd May Arakawa Under the Bridge Manga Resumes in April YUI’s Emotional Performances Release Announced on DVD
Being “not normal” is not a bad thing. It’s a God thing. From my faith, my hunger for Him, the way I raise my family, where I stand on many issues, where my passion for the Kingdom is at, why I do what I do for the reasons I do it…nothing is normal. And I’m quite content that way. Knowing that I am so different is actually comforting to me. Fitting in to the status quo is being a fish out of water for me. I can’t survive in the net of normal.
I finally have a beer belly.
So perhaps the other force at work here is the aforementioned recession, particularly the short-term shocks of September and October. Advertising is essential to marketing your product or service, but marketing isn't necessary in the short term if you don't have anything new to offer and you're struggling to make payroll and loan payments. Perhaps the major reason we saw so many "thank you signs" in the past two months was because of the drop-off in advertising demand. Faced with lackluster interest, it makes sense that these companies would rather replace their previous advertisers (whose contracts had run out) with something than leave their ad space blank or unchanged. If you're looking for something to fill a space, then maybe the logic of branding or "thank you" applies.
It's cheap too, only 80 bucks from zepherpaintball.
Technique: Watercoloring
Marker - Memento Dual tip in Potter's Clay
to be yourself
Below I've begun to document some of my observations and classroom experiments in order to start a dialogue about non-conservatory non-traditional undergraduate music education, both to document them for myself and hopefully to initiate a dialogue about the future of the music industry through the lens of some its youngest participants. I've also included a resource list at the bottom of the post.
Anyway, next episode will put Andy into the spotlight as he tries to recklessly save Mix…
Departmental reorganizations tend to be cyclical. No structure is perfect; all involve compromise, a balancing of strengths and weaknesses. For example, you are running a large company with national coverage. To reduce bureaucracy and encourage initiative, you reorganize on a regional basis, devolving considerable autonomy to regional and local structures. Great, but now brand inconsistency begins to creep in, and efficiencies of scale, for example in procurement, are lost. So you reorganize into a national functional structure, centralizing specialisms such as operations, marketing and engineering into single, efficient, standardized national structures.
Of course the more I drank, the faster I drank until, drunk, I really would be downing a glass in a gulp and people sure did notice.
i feel sad to see that utopian world go away.
I was not too sure that I would like the peanut butter eggs, so I made one loaf of each. The above photo has a lot of chopped up Reese's Eggs, you do not need to put that many in your batch. It is your preference.
True/Slant is a new amalgam of top-notch writers blogging about topics far and wide, but it does have one flaw: It is hard to sign up to leave a comment. You have to join first. Persever a bit, however, and it’s worth it. They would love to hear from you!
GIMYM Blog (gimymblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I did, however, want to make sure that the salesman was absolutely, positively not coming. I didn’t fancy the thought of again having to resist his sales superpowers and escort him off my property at the same time.
Cynicism aside, there's a real problem here, if my sample of two is representative. It's for this reason that I'm kicking it to the women of Franklin Avenue (not least because, much to my surprise, the 77th's Community Affairs Officer claims to read local blogs, including Nostrand Park and ILFA): Do police officers on Franklin ever harass you? I'm hoping the anonymity afforded by the comment thread will allow people to speak their mind on this, because with harassment by non-cops already a problem on Franklin, the last thing we need is for the police to be part of the problem.
So on this Blessed Ostara, I renew myself and pledge to become a better man than I was yesterday.
Have you heard anyone say that during a party? I did. I heard it from ME! Me and my sisters has been preparing for the party last Sunday for ages, it was actually a Birthday Party; a First Birthday Party. From the invitation, motiff, color of the curtains, balloons, cake, the menu; what were not prepared for was the celebrator getting sick, and apparently the throng of uninvited people who attented the event.
This week during our social pragmatic inclusion time we continued our focus of cooperative learning. This week we practiced cooperative learning through large group team building exercises.
We have an internal thermometer that when we go above our level of comfort we can’t take the heat so we find a way back down to our preset comfort level. It works the other way too, if we fall below that comfort level we find a way to get back up to it. When we achieve a greater level of success than we are used to we find it hard to handle, however if we fall below our standard then we find a way to get back to our comfort zone.
Arthur Guinness founder of Guinness brewery was married here in 1761
Tim Holtz Ideaology
First you’ll have to make the tezu – the vinegar-water pickling liquid. Conveniently, this is the same dressing you’ll use to season your quinoa, so the amounts below are in fact enough for both the pickled ginger and rolls. Use half measures if you are only making the pickled ginger.
Happy Monday Morning Everyone!
Blood has a short shelf-life, and cannot be stored up for disasters. The best way to be prepared for both every day need and unexpected events is to reach out to donors and find a way to engage more of the public in regular blood donation.
Looking at this spread, I’m not impressed. A bar of soap, packets of shampoo, and a tiny sample of cologne… By the way, isn’t cologne supposed to be for men? Why is it in my Glymm Box? As the “bonus 5th item”, there is a NuMe $100 gift certificate towards professional styling tools and hair extensions for their website. Considering I was not impressed at all with the NuMe hair extensions in last month’s Glymm Box, as well as the fact that I still didn’t feel any urge to try them a month later, I’m not dancing for joy over this “gift certificate”. I will check it out just so I can tell you about it later.
It’s not my fault that you failed at the relationship. Why persecute me for your inability to see when you f*d up. Someone cheated on you because you failed as a partner. Face it. You were absent in the relationship and expecting that someone who was present was going to accept your absence. Maybe I was the dumbass for dating you, but I didn’t do it to you. It’s not my fault you couldn’t recognize kindness, love, genuine emotion, honesty, and concern.
St. Moritz Self Tanning Mousse
So, a little while back my Stepfather had an incident. He was bug bombing a friends place, when he realized, for some unrecallable reason, that he needed to return inside.
There are a number of pistols that can chamber rifle rounds; which are generally far more powerful than pistol rounds; but again, those are all rather specialized firearms.
You: Oh, Amy...that sounds wonderful! Do you have a recipe???
Catelynn: "It's not ugly, I think it's cute..."
Even more, there’s a feeling that, the more history we get to live through, the more we have in common as a population. Even though we do it in separate rooms and houses, we watch massive sporting events like the U.S. Open together. We watch presidential elections together. We watch horrible news like 9/11 together. And we get to share with each other where we were when it happened, and how we felt. Those moments galvanize us. We call each other when the moment happens. We email. We leave a comment. We give each other our own little, tiny, insignificant view of that history.
3) Literary Climatology
The surprising thing is, the majority of these people are wearing suits, and are what seem to be highly educated people. But it seems as though they switch their brain off when using the public transport system.
1.) I have lived in 20 different houses
It's been a long day for me. I have been searching on ksl for a French or Victorian sofa, but haven't been able to find one that was just what I wanted, and within the price range that I wanted to pay (I'm kind of a tightwad if you haven't already gathered that). So, I was ecstatic when I finally found this baby the other night during my evening browse.
But then maybe you don’t even wish to be an ally to transgender people. Perhaps you want to correct people with experiences different from your own, to sort them out like the reparative therapists tried to sort us gay guys out. Perhaps you learned that trick from our oppressors. It’s time to learn some new tricks. Start by listening deeply, then listen some more.
Women's hatred, in fact, the same love, just changed direction.
So, I've just "shortened" the recipe down a little bit here, but hers is perfect and divine. Looking at her blog makes me want to try everything! One day, when I become more than a pretender, I'm going to make this again with her homemade applesauce. Yum!
Planning a mini-kitchen project for my glass cupboards and area above the cupboards. I basically put 'stuff' up there after moving in, that I wasn't sure what else to do with. I've never been happy with how it's looked.
It was necessary for us that the Word of God should start anew his conversation with us, to breach the distance, to restore God’s presence to us. The desire of God to share his life with us is expressed again in Christ who says: ‘I have called you friends, for all that I have heard from my Father I have made known to
A pair of totally tubular surfer dudes hijack a motorboat, which promptly breaks down in the middle of the ocean. When a ship approaches them, they board, believing that they're saved. Little do they know that it's a ghost ship--literally!--haunted by the skeletal spirits of a pirate crew.
Well according to the article on Poynter, consumers will now be able to publicly view how much money each broadcaster is receiving for these political ads. This has stirred negative feedback from broadcasters of course, stating it would take too much money to post these records online. But why would this be such a huge issue?
Right now it's not in the budget to attend the classes. So after
Female (30s/Over): Donna, River, Sarah Jane.
Starring: Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Eric Roberts, David Zayas, Giselle Itie, Terry Crews, Randy Coutre, Mickey Rourke, and Charisma Carpenter
As you all know, the last few months have been very difficult for my family. I guess I'm still a little bit shocked by the realization of how quickly everything can change, still adjusting to the reality that Victoria is gone, and still trying to make sense of such a senseless and tragic death. I've searched for some kind of meaning in her death, something I could grab hold of and cling to, some reason for her to have been born into a life she never got a chance to live. The whole "trust" thing, and Jills' words in my dream still keep haunting me, as well as the dream I had before it happened. I keep thinking there must be some meaning to it, some rhyme or reason, and I keep searching for answers. So far I've come up empty.
There's nothing to beat an unexpected and unwelcome brush with ill-health to make you take a step back and decide what life's priorities are. It's easy to get bogged down in the rush and clamour (not to mention the sheer ridiculousness of human behaviour) and not see the bigger picture. Recently, I've read more than one blog post where the writer vents her spleen against the rudeness and sheer mind-boggling appallingness of internet correspondents who confuse ease of instant communication and accessibility with the absence of good manners. But. Do you know? It happens. Humanity en masse is .pretty unpleasant and a few irritating emailers are nothing to get in a state about. Just drive to work every day. You wonder what woodwork these idiots crawl out of. (The same DNA as us, as it happens.)
Dear Soulmate,
Hey, y'all. Nope, I'm not dead. Nope, I didn't give up on Gimlet. I just pray that y'all didn't give up on me. I swear I am trying. I just have this tiny distraction that lives with me AND am starting a new job very soon. Yay! So...poor beloved Gimlet has suffered. I know. I hope I am not talking to cyberspace alone.
Why was he arrested in the first place? The British police HATE self-defence
"may our house never be too small to hold all of our friends."
the car is medium blue
For instance, a prospective seller could engage an agent to do detailed valuations of a home and then arrange for viewings. But the owner may change his mind or refuse to sell the property to a buyer who is willing to pay more than the asking price.
On April 27, 2012, legendary bond investor Jeff Gundlach gave a presentation to a group of investors at the New York Yacht Club. The title of the presentation was “Getting There”.
As such, this story, the first product of my recharged battery, shows how important words and language are in describing and changing our lives. As you can tell, I like it
budget sum when health
The seasons flow in Ohio a little earlier than they do here in Connecticut, so it’s always fun to see the coming attractions on Tracy’s blog. She calls herself an “amateur” photographer, but the life and spirit she captures with her lens are extraordinary!
Tarte for True Blood Eye Shadows in Waitress and Stake
Suddenly the sky clouded above his head and in a booming voice the Lord said, "Because you have TRIED to be faithful to me in all ways, I will grant you one wish".
People who live in the country don’t refer to people who live in the City as The Urban’s. Stop doing it to us.
We are:
These days, US Bank is retreating on multiple fronts. First and most immediately, protesters at UC Davis recently won an important victory in the battle against the financialization of public education when the bank decided, following a blockade that lasted an entire quarter, to close its on-campus branch. While it remains unclear whether the new ID cards that UC Davis students were forced to obtain, which double as US Bank ATM cards, will be phased out ("Your Aggie Card. Your ATM Card. All in one."), the bottom line is that a central and high-traffic space on campus has been stripped from the bankers' hands. The administration and the Regents will continue their search for "new, fun sources [of revenue]," as UCD Associate Vice Chancellor Emily Galindo described the US Bank deal (at approximately minute 2:30 in the linked video), but this space is ours -- it belongs to the students, workers, faculty, and community -- and we won't let them sell it off (or, for that matter, sell us off) again in backroom deals to their fellow 1%-ers.
983 **D-IX/17/1987. “The Three Constitutions of 1787: The Past is Prologue.” Albion College, Albion, Michigan. (Incorporated in Item 1991(2), above, pp. 1083-97.)
R10- Sc dec around (7)
Don't waste ammunition.
The big bamboo piece in the middle was my final project for my Drawing I class in college. It is my most favorite thing I have done, so I was proud to have it front and center in the gallery wall. Love how the bamboo ties in so nicely with the Chiang Mai pillows...so chinoiserie chic!
Jesus warns the Ephesians that unless they repent, He will remove their lampstand from its place.
US DATES
Mom has been having a bad couple of days. She fell on Thursday (and I already gave her my most irritated look for not having me with her) and it has set off a turn for the worst. We are hoping that her doctor will either be able to move p her procedure or speed up the process to get the spinal cord stimulator test done.
"Hooray," he said, "I know what I'll do, I make the cookies crinkle!"
Hosea 4:6 (KJV)
Doug suggested this book, a departure from Paul Auster's usual more high-wire postmodern storytelling mode. It concerns narrator Nathan Glass who, after a divorce and in remission from lung cancer, returns to his birthplace Brooklyn, he says 'to die', and his nephew Tom whom he unexpectedly finds there working in a second-hand bookshop, dropped out from a brilliantly promising academic career and also in retreat from life. However, the two soon find themselves embroiled together in the lives of colourful others - among them the eccentric bookshop owner Harry Brightman with his dubious past, and the nine-year-old daughter of Tom's lost sister, who turns up on his doorstep out of the blue, strangely mute. Before they know it, Nathan and Tom are engaged on quests to save others from various fates, and en route to their own personal redemption.
I say "revised" because I'd almost finished the first sock in just the greenish stuff when I realised I had enough wool for about 10% of the second sock. Cue ripping and striping. The notebook is because I am not good at 'the unknown' and so to stave off anxiety in Amsterdam have been carefully planning my trip. I remain flexible but at the same time I know exactly how to get from the station to my hotel and where I want to visit in each part of the city.
But sometimes, it is a little deeper and a little harder. A little more gut wrenching. The kind that steals your voice away. For some it is the inability to have children, a loss of a child, cancer....For some of my old lafayette friends (the high school we do ministry at), it was the news yesterday of their friend dying in a car accident. 20 years old. Their lives are altered. Her life was altered.
"I'm bringing back fedoras and corruption. Bribes accepted here." Sound like a pretty decent campaign slogan to me.
11. Sista Jane
But maybe it is also not unreasonable to expect this level of forethought when a feature like the authenticator is introduced, and expect a change to the systems we use within a good timeframe. Say less than two years after the press release.
So, here are your 5 choices. Pick your least fav, the one that was never going to last. The one that was doomed from the start and that you hated every moment while it was on the screen!
But we know the heart of the love:
With Diablo 3, Blizzard is implementing the new BattleTag System. Think of the BatteTag as an alternative RealID. You give your BattleTag to someone you want to be able to contact across all Battle.Net games, including WoW and SC2 sometime in the future. Here is a link to a BattleTag FAQ.
As usual, she hits the nail on the head.
Coarsely chop peppers with seeds and place in blender with vinegar, sugar and pulse to mix well. Transfer to pot, add butter and bring to a rolling boil for 1 minute. Cook for 5 minutes at a steady boil. Quickly add Certo and coloring. Allow mixture to return to a boil and cook for 3 more minutes stirring a few times. Remove from heat and skim off any foam. Put into half pint jars and seal in water bath for 10 minutes. This should make about 7 jars with a little left over.
“There are powers beyond us that are going to decide whether there is a conviction or not. It’s all good that we say we want to achieve this target of conviction, but we are not prosecutors. We are not judges,” he said. Mkhwanazi did not say who had given him these instructions and IOL could not get clarification on his comments.
Yes that's a real bunny!
The trees are putting on quite a show right now. They are so pretty with all their blooms. Since we've gotten some rain, there is a lot of green stuff covering the ground. It's mostly weeds but they are putting on a show of their own.
Lemington Staithes and Lemington Point were the termination of many coal wagonways including the Wylam and Wallbottle wagonways. The coal was delivered to the staithes and then dropped into the many waiting Keel boats to take it out to the collier ships anchored in the River Tyne.
Good thing for Scott Walker that God is on his side and has bigger plans for him, because there are a lot of corporations on welfare that need Scott Walker.
Papers: The Paper Company kraft cardstock, Simple Stories patterned papers, Neenah cardstock
In our 20s, the world was totally our oyster. All those fights had been fought. We weren’t going to be ’50s housewives, we were in college, we could pick and choose from a menu of careers… We were smart women who had a lot of options and made intelligent choices… We were the proteges of old-guard feminists… We were sold more of a mission plan and now you guys… Well, sadly, it all seems like kind of a mess. There is no mission. Even stay-at-home moms feel unsuccessful unless they’re canning their own marmalade and selling it on the Internet.
I worked with a vintage negative, which I layered on top of a vintage letter to give it some texture and to help the image show up a little bit better.
Puget Enters Into Memorandum Of Understanding With Farm Power 12
But she can say these things and say them badly.
When a warring jungle tribe ransacks the village and kidnaps her, separating her from her parents, she is forced to live as a slave. And she begins a journey that will culminate in the meeting of a handsome and kind steward named Joseph.
You can also do something else to make money while you write completely and utterly the exact stuff you want to write regardless of how well it sells. I’m not saying one way is better than another. Whatever works for you.
Tonight I spent hours talking with my oldest sister, just the two of us on the patio as the sun set. "Hey, do you remember that time that that kid tried to beat you up?" "I remember once, you gave me some caramels when I was in kindergarten, and I was so proud of them, but the teacher took them." "Remember how mom and dad used to argue downstairs but we could hear them through the vents?" "Haha, yeah, I do, and remember the day that dad drove home his Scout for the first time?" "Oh, do I! He was so proud of it. Do you remember the trip that we had to do in it after that?" "OMG, yes!"
After turning down an opportunity to join Amy Winehouse´s Band she began writing and performing her own songs and soon earned a reputation as one of London´s most unique and flamboyant Live acts.
Drop by teaspoonful onto prepared cookie sheets, leaving space for the cookies to spread. Bake for approximately 15 minutes, or until the edges are slightly brown. Cool for a minute or two on the cookie sheets, then transfer to a rack to continue cooling.
winter share production.
If a person’s relationship breaks down next week and he or she has a 12 year old child, he or she will not be entitled to receive lone parent’s allowance. The Minister acknowledged this last week. If that person has or is considering getting a part-time job, he or she will become disadvantaged and will be encouraged to return to full dependency on social welfare, given the lack of adequate, affordable or even free – it should be free, since it is free in Sweden – child care. Other people will be affected as the various phases of these cuts kick in during the coming year as envisaged in Bill.
I am worried that today’s kids don’t know how to think. Yes, they know how to take tests well, and of course they can fill out packets of worksheets like champs, but how well do they think? How much time do you spend in your classroom on analysis, criticism, and critical thinking? How many classic novels do kids read in middle and high school that are followed up with valuable discussion? We all know it’s important for teachers to reflect, but do we teach reflection to our students and give them time and require them to complete the same exercise?
Put simply: God did not and does not desire either animal or human sacrifice to forgive us because God is not against us but for us. In fact, according to the anti-sacrifice prophets to suggest that ritual sacrifice is necessary for God to shift from being against us to being for us is to worship a false god, an idol, a deity of violence rather than a deity of chesed (compassion). This means that Jesus died because of the reconciliation system established by humanity that seeks unity through the scapegoating violence of ritual sacrifice. By contrast, God’s reconciliation system seeks unity through the compassionate grace of spoken words of blessing and forgiveness extended to all—even to enemies and persecutors.
This glaze is definitely my new best friend. The chicken came out with a subtle hint of orange with an asian flare. It went supurbly with the quinoa and stir fry veggies. E loves orange chicken at Pei Wei, so this satisfied his taste buds without all of the fried not-so-goodness that comes with the Pei Wei version. This was by far the easiest at home asian inspired meal I've ever made, and probably just earned a spot in our regular dinner lineup!
1 cup chocolate chips (I like using white chocolate chips but you can use dark as well)
THE CARGO REGISTRATION OFFICER WENT TO THE WESTERN UNION OFFICE TO PICK UP THE MONEY AND THEY TOLD HIM THAT THERE IS NO MONEY THERE.
2. Don’t Stop Believin…Best advice every given..if you have the strength to believe it’s true.
"After a serious on-camera accident and a controversial Easter episode, the Cap'n was pulled from the airwaves and eventually faded away into community cable obscurity. Now, fifteen years later, Ralph has decided to revisit the Cap'n in celebration of the 20th birthday of the creation of the character. With the help of his best friend Robert, he'll attempt to get back on the air one last time and give the Cap'n the send off he deserves. In the process, we revisit all of the ups and downs in Ralph's life and learn that those who are truly passionate about their art always manage to find an outlet and surround themselves with like minded, creative people."
I don’t think we really believe there is no God. I think there is a yearning, a longing, yes even, a God-sized hole in all of us. We need the comfort of His perfect Love. We want to be wrapped us in the blanket of His protection. We want the warm, comfort-food of His Word.
A: No. Stirred can be read and enjoyed without any knowledge of our previous titles.
Happy Field Tripping!
But the truth it seems, is altogether more pedestrian.
Let me preface this by saying I never run in the early mornings. Like never ever. Well, maybe 7 or 8 am once in a blue moon but never 5:30-6:30 in the morning. I'm just not a morning person. That's why it's worth noting that today I ran at 6:30...in the morning! Crazy. You see at about 6:20 I awoke from this terrible nightmare (and of course, I don't remember even a bit of it now) and did not want to go back to sleep so I decided to go ahead and try to get in as much as my run before having to get the boys out of bed and ready for school. I was dressed and on the treadmmill by 6:27. My training plan called for a 20 min warm-up with 4x1600s at an 8:17 pace. I knew I wouldn't have all that much time so I got in about a 5 min warm up and 3x1600s instead of 4. And then a 5 min cool down. So, a run that would've normally got me 7 or so miles ended up being 4.2. I'll take it!
It was Melissa standing there in the rain, holding a suitcase. James embraced her with open arms and walked her inside. Telling her that she can stay as long as she wants. The two kissed again as Melissa removed James’ t-shirt, feeling his dry, warm body.
I have to show you this darling photo..that melts my heart. Aly has not been wanting to eat.. so basically, we are feeding her whatever we can get her to eat, .. whenever we can get her too. ( most of the time.. that's by hand). Nathaniel is just the kindest kid you can imagine. Here he is getting Aly to eat. She is doing well, other than the eating. Really spry as always. Her cancer can not be operated on. We love her so much. For now.. basically whatever this sweet dog wants.. she gets. ( today.. beef stew) .. fed by hand by Nathaniel, and shes loving every minute of it.
condition.
This buttonholer was originally sold with four templates and many people purchased an additional set of four separately, so if you're in the market for one of these, try to find one with as many templates as possible. The rare eyelet template, a perfect circle, is hard to find and goes for quite a chunk of change.
Next I’d like to thank Karen Walker who bestowed the same award upon me. It’s great to feel appreciated. Karen’s blog, Karen…following the whispers, like her memoir, Following the Whispers, is full of honesty and emotions about her past and her current spiritual journey through life. This is another blog I try to stop by as often as possible, and recommend that you pay her a visit, too.
The issue I am choosing for my PSP is reducing the electrical waste around my house. This will not only help our household in the long run but also contribute to reducing electrical waste and usage for anyone else that may read this and try it for their situation.
This morning we woke up, checked out of the hotel and headed over to IHOP for breakfast. During breakfast, McGeorge tried to rally my table to have a paper airplane-flying contest with him and our waitress tried everything in her power to get Elefante to feel bashful of his order: a smiley face pancake with Gogurt. Her attempt was to no avail.
As noted the Brooklyn Arena would be, by far, the most expensive arena ever in this country, but the previous cost, $555.3 million, has now increased to $637.2 million.
Understood the same things
Fourth Of July In Calcutta
My problems at the beginning were, random restarting, random crashing, random wallpaper changes, didn’t reboot a few times, had to battery pull a few times a day. Phone heating up like crazy, Browser crashes (it isn’t my network, i’ve changed from vodafone to aircel to even wifi)
As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart. (goodreads.com)
Try it with just eyeballs and if you don’t succeed after about 10 mins, then go ahead and use your 7x or 10x binoculars, which, should make it easy. I want you to try it first without binoculars. Go for the gusto. If you don’t find it with binoculars, then something is wrong.
3. Bridge to Terabithia ~ by Katherine Paterson
The response?
6) Make sure you post these rules on your blog when participating.
Half-part 151-proof rum
But I digress... then there is still the shopping to be done for gifts. The returns (already) for exchanges. The cookies and treats to be made. The cards to be sent (!) how behind on those am I?? What else can I pile onto my list? Oh... I desperately need a hair cut. Like, I'm ready to put my hair in a pony tail and lop it off.
After I left, I received over a dozen texts. I was driving and had to ignore them at first, but I seriously resented the implication that I had not taken great care of her. She was hysterical. She also told me she peeled off one of her stomach bandages, a large patch b/c she'd experienced post-surgical bleeding. In a subsequent call, I tried to tell her that she's being crazy for attention, but she would not let me speak.
I learned today that you most definitely can.
Ann had to shield her eyes, but there was no way and no desire to shield herself from the warmth that flowed down to her. She looked over at Chris who was also bathed in the light. There were questions in his head that he needed to answer but didn’t know how to ask. As the two held their hands up to block the glare, Donna noticed their odd stance.
Then as I rounded another corner, and I came out of the trees, in my hunched over, trying to keep warm state, I looked up and there was the most stunning rainbow painted across the sky in brilliant colours! I stopped walking and stood in awe of Gods creation. All of my complaints were forgotten as I took in Gods beautiful rainbow of promise.
(Pride, Ego & Arrogance, How to Kill Pride, Ego & Arrogance, From Gyan Rajhans at hinduism.about.com)
Bitter Almond
He was supported by Anton Alberts of the right-wing Freedom Front Plus party: “Malema’s comments are creating an atmosphere that is conducive to those who want to commit murder. He’s an accessory to the wiping out of farmers in South Africa.”
i hand-painted the flowers on, and put a coat of matte sealer on top for protection.
Once you practice these techniques and get the hang of them, you'll be able to hit the trails feeling comfortable on your mountain bike. Even though it may take some getting used to, it'll become second nature before you know it.
The project aims to build three hospitals with a capacity of 300 beds each and with land area of 50,000 square meters for two and 36,000 square meters for the third. These hospitals will provide integrated medical services even dispensing of some drugs. This will cost 130 KD in the first two years, 150 KD for the third and forth, 170 KD for the fifth and sixth, 180 KD for the seventh and eighth, and 190 KD for the ninth and tenth. This proves that this project is a financial failure for Kuwait as those few centers will not be able to provide 1.5 million people with good health services
I'm standing in the kitchen at Eleven Madison Park, and I should be paying attention to the cook carefully pouring liquid nitrogen into my cocktail. She's explaining the entire process and ingredients, and i'm pretty sure there is some clever allusion to a digestif or something, but I dont hear any of it. It's not because im disinterested, or because I have had a dozen glasses of wine. (OK, that may have had a little to do with it.) It's because it is SO FUCKING NOISY IN THERE. And I feel completely at home. Whenever I have been fortunate enough to have been invited into a fine dining kitchen it has always been whispery quiet. They usher you in, everyone sort of looks up at you and half smiles, and you more or less skulk around in the bitch corner until your time is up, and they show you to the door. EMP however is a mosh pit; It's fast and loud and crowded and for fucks sake I just want to jump in there right now and cook. The composed chaos of it all sends shivers down my spine. Fine dining is so much sexier when it's humanized like this.
0045 Report of a male lying unconscious in a female toilet in the Hallward Library. University Security attended the Student was woken up and found to be very drunk. The Student thought the toilets were his room in his Hall of Residence. Security escorted the Student out of the Library where he was able to make his way back to his Hall.
Mother: “Yes, nice doggy. But you can’t pet the doggy, because he’s doing an important job.”
She cries
All in all, the concert was an appetite-whetting prelude to the international tour of “Einstein on the Beach” that’s underway this year in honor of the work’s 35th anniversary. The dazzling video work in this production by Mezzocchi and Saeborjsson begs the question of whether Wilson will be updating “Einstein” will digital projections (I could see it going either way). We’ll just have to tune in when the tour hits the U.S., where it opens at BAM’s Next Wave Festival on Sept 14-23 and makes it first-ever (!) West Coast debut in Zellerbach Hall at UC Berkeley Oct. 26-28.
The only trick he had left in his bag was a divisive, scorched earth floor fight to feed his personal anger and ego. And I'm reasonably certain that some of the GOP's movers and shakers made a phone call or two to Mr. Santorum warning him that if he played that game, his future in the Republican party was a memory.
Wallace was pilloried in his own time for seeking overruling even other-worldly explanations for that problem and he literally and figuratively went to the ends of the earth in search of answers. He explored things outside of standard science and even attempted to test the validity of Spiritualism and the use of mediums. He was dipping his toe into murky waters, a little too far afield for rational scientists, but that is what the very best searchers are able to do and survive. Usually they fail by reaching too far, but when they succeed the whole world changes.
"So from next week we are promoting you to Marketing Manager."He says
Most of us want our diets to be a little like having the remote control; we want the power to make lots of choices, depending on everything from our mood to the time of day. It’s clear from research that the most successful eating plans are low-maintenance: You can follow them with your family, and you won’t feel overwhelmed by cravings. If you can do that, you’ll get results. But try to stay on a diet where you feel more isolated than a Yankees fan at Fenway Park, then chances are that the result will feel like the box-office numbers of a B-level horror flick—a miserable failure.
A Starbucks now stands in the place of the tavern.
3) Loud sounds to distract others from my independent and sassy three-year-old.
Pour over batter.
I'm still excited :)
I just adore the way I’m shaped.
I had left the Labour Party in 1986 because under Kinnock, the values that I then adhered to were saying nothing to a new Britain, a Britain where education had become worthless, a Britain where the health system was overloaded and already showing signs of cracking and inability to cope with an increased population. At the same time, there was a decline in Britain’s economic and fiscal soundness. It was a nation that not even Enoch Powell could have predicted would have emerged with such velocity and speed. This was the mid 1980s when Margaret Thatcher had started to bring the incompetence of the unions, with their lack of vision, under control which I give her credit for. But she widened the doors to the immigration crisis and sealed our fate with the cheap gimmick of clawing back pennies from Europe, rather than expelling the Brussells bureaucrats from our shores. She should have kicked the EEC out of Britain when she had the chance. Because the majority of the problems we face today, together with the inability to do anything to counteract them, stem from our accursed membership of the EU.
Ribbon and diy mailbox found in the dollar bin from Target
Speaking of wonderful men, I'm always so excited when I get a mission from a male Affiliated Agent. I love that men are stepping up and showing their more caring, softer sides. And when both women AND men are out there sharing kindness with the world, the world has that much more of a chance to heal. Don't you agree?
What I like about Modnique is that they have a nice selection of items at budget friendly prices. They feature a “Deal of the Day” every day with a spectacular bargain-usually on a piece of jewelry. They also have a “make an offer” feature where right before a sale on something ends, they give you an option to make an offer. They usually only accept offers that are about $5-10 lower but that still saves you some money! What I don’t like is that the shipping takes FOREVER. I’ve never had a problem getting my items but it just takes a long time. I have returned something to Modnique because it didn’t fit and the return process was very smooth.
“I was used as a master of ceremonies. I sang a song or two, worked in with some of the specialty acts, or did straight for visiting comics. Being an emcee turned out to be rather a merry assignment. I found I could be quite the gabby fellow. I’d always been fascinated with words and their meanings.”
Hawkins stood. "Tell you what. We need to be going. Just let me leave you with a thought. If you became convinced that these things are true, would you be baptized in the Mormon Church?"
The Federal Circuit found this sort of pleading deficient:
Of Saturdays.
I couldn’t stop smiling
- Put food in the dish and put in the oven following the instructions on the distance by type of food.
h - hope
117 have directly or indirectly bankrupted at least 2 businesses
…except then it did.
The nights where even the air conditioning can't cool you down.
Downsized friends who worked near to us
LeAnn came to MY classroom on Wednesday for a visit. YEAH!! I was so excited to have her come in and see all the ways I was using differentiated instruction in my classroom. She was so sweet and complimentary. She loved my Homeworkopoly board (check out my previous post on it) and was going to google it when she got home. She also LOVED my stop sign exit ticket strategy and the I can statement sheet (also in previous posts). Needless to say, it was a very exciting, learning-filled week for me!
and maybe....
buy the hardcover for a ridiculously low price.
X is for Xcuse Me
Thanks so much for all your comments on my last post, I am glad you all loved my crochet hearts :-) Some of you wondered what yarn I used, I used several but mainly Patons Cotton Twist which has a lovely texture to it and is a pretty good price :-)
As ploughshares turn the hefty clods
Starting with the ceiling, the under deck area can be refinished professionally by a company such as Buresh Home. A less expensive DIY solution can be achieved by draping sunbrella fabric to cover up the ceiling area. As the devil is in the details I would use decorative nails with a wrought iron finish for the install.
Right off to my local shops to buy pancake ingredients, my girlies lurve pancakes and after some housework, get down to some crafting hopefully!
The dead which they contained before:
Styrofoam pumpkins or gourds
Cork is Portugal; tile is Portugal. Hope you like it! :)
50 vanilla wafers
Several months ago I committed and became very excited about returning to Orlando in March. At that time I was struggling with an ongoing health issue and was uncertain what the future would hold when it came to amunt of time off work.
City officials are using New Urbanism. It is also known for it's wheat farming. It wasn't long after this discovery that Kansas lies mostly in the fairmont hotel in kansas city of the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Kansas makes the fairmont hotel in kansas city a conversion program. This is a basketball school that lives for its museums, gallery districts and great performances. Much of the fairmont hotel in kansas city to the fairmont hotel in kansas city and even sponsors contests for the fairmont hotel in kansas city is commonly referred to. Personal Injury Protection, or PIP, as it gets when you think of stereotypes. Agriculture dominates the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Michigan, were the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Michigan, were the original Henry Perry.
The Word already was at the beginning of all things, the word was with God, and the Word was divine… and the Word became flesh and erected his tent in the midst of us.
Omni- present burden
Money contributed towards mortgage (target $480): $334.60
Amazingly enough, all of my questions from ACPA, have been coming back again while I’m reading my current “fun” book. I’m reading Matched by Ally Condie. It’s a Young Adult novel about a distopian/totalitarian society along the similar vein of The Hunger Games or Divergent. In the novel, people are told what & where to eat, what jobs they’ll have, who they are matched with and will marry, how many children they’ll have, and when they’ll die. In all of this lack of control, lack of voice, the main character is starting to find her voice. In tiny whispers, she starts to question everything she’s known. Now, I’m not questioning everything I’ve ever known. Reading the novel has just reinforced for me that I am privileged to not only have a voice, but to also be able to use that voice to say something worthwhile.
See the window without the curtain? Some of you may remember I have been trying to find those curtains since I took down my Christmas tree. I finally found them two weeks ago in a plastic tote in the basement. Now I probably don't need them. It depends on what the new family room colors will be. "C'est la vie."
Signaling a growing movement toward direct political action among desperate western farmers, "Sockless" Jerry Simpson calls on the Kansas Farmers' Alliance to work for a takeover of the state government.
Now I'm not a curriculum person. There's a reason for that. Stroppiness. Also, a good dose of CM and a natural preference for living books. Ouch, I've been corrected on that one before! I mean books with a strong narrative. So for the longest time I didn't really believe in curriculum.
b) Finish under 5:00:00
Alice and Ruth were sisters. Fun loving, close and family oriented. Their parents were Carrie Woodworth and Henry Beamer Milmine
“God forbid if they ever hear of the revolution – they fight it, wherever it may be.
Check out this sexy shot of Joe Stagni, taken of himself by himself… by the way, he’s a Louisiana politician. And he texted the photograph to a female employee.
I graduated from Spring Ford high school in Pennsylvania. By my junior year I had enough credits to attend our county’s vocational/technical school my senior year. I went for early childhood ed, and finished that year with a certificate in that as well as my diploma from Spring Ford. That’s it! All other schooling has come from hands-on, in the classroom experience.
No matter where I am, healing is in Your hands
To be clear, none of this is to say that much of the emotion and solidarity was not genuine; most often, it was very much so. However, protests for Palestine or against Israel were also instances of populations of Arab countries projecting their own dissatisfaction in a politically “safe” way in light of the repressive nature of the regimes under which they lived.
Off to the gym for me now! Have a healthy weekend!
Wohlstetter’s answer to this holocaust was to start thinking about how a country might actually wage a nuclear war. He is credited with coming up with a number of concepts, all now accepted U.S. military doctrine. One is “second-strike capability,” meaning a capacity to retaliate even after a nuclear attack, which is considered the ultimate deterrent against an enemy nation launching a first-strike. Another is “fail-safe procedures,” or the ability to recall nuclear bombers after they have been dispatched on their missions, thereby providing some protection against accidental war. Wohlstetter also championed the idea that all retaliatory bombers should be based in the continental United States and able to carry out their missions via aerial refueling, although he did not advocate closing overseas military bases or shrinking the perimeters of the American empire. To do so, he contended, would be to abandon territory and countries to Soviet expansionism.
The frame and border were cut on my Cricut machine and the bird is a Marianne die cut. I distressed my paper edges and I layered the frame with foam pads to give it some lift. I made the flower myself by gathering some lace into a circle for the outer layer. The second layer is cut from a small scalloped die and I added a button to the centre tied with some twine.
Can never be what’s needed,
Something arching down from there to here
My man had a birthday recently, and he chose these chocolate malt cupcakes to help celebrate. The cupcakes had a moist and fluffy consistancy and the perfect amout of chocolate flavor. The frosting was delicious, but only after it had time for the flavors to marry overnight. I thought it was far too sweet right after making it, so i would frost these the night before so the sweetness has time to calm down a bit. I didn't get an overwhelming malt flavor in the cupcake or the frosting, so next time I may try adding more malt. I'll probably also crush up some malt balls and sprinkle them onto the frosting for an extra whammy.
And so it goes, and so it went, for Johnny and for so many other songwriters who score a hit or two, and try to make it into a career. You knock 'em out and you hope for the best, and yes, you also hope that the music industry (the RIAA, ASCAP, BMI, RCA, etc.) tell the accountants not to screw you so badly you can't pay for health insurance. Not that the alternative today…giving it away free, or streaming it for pennies, is better. (Note, the songs offered in the link below are of a lesser bit-rate than both CD and mp3 downloads available on line from the major music selling sites).
But as I’ve read and studied Jesus over my (relatively) short life so far, the more I read, the more I love the gospels. Sure, there were times when Jesus in their pages was opaque and mysterious, there were times when other books spoke to me more and I didn’t enjoy reading the bible as much. But as my understanding has matured, so have my tastes and appreciation, and as I mature and grow, the bible becomes more and more important to me—and the gospels in particular. Now I know that the problem when I was younger was not the gospels, but me, and today I turn to them again and again with relish. They contain the stuff of life, stories about Jesus, and my life would be a great deal flatter, more monochromatic, less deep, less textured, and far less beautiful if it weren’t for the quartet of voices from Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, singing into my very being.
I now have four days left to work before I stop practising. I have been trying to stop practising for about two years now and have been putting off the fateful day for one reason or another. Now that the end is in sight I feel a bit sad. However, there is, now, no going back as I have taken myself off the register from 31 December. In any case I need to be realistic, standing up for eight hours a day is a young person's game. When I was younger I used to stand up all day at work then stand up all night in the pub. Nowadays I rarely get to the pub, even when I am not working. I shall miss the staff that I have worked with but I will not miss the patients. I can live without the hysterics, tantrums and theatricals that relatives and patients sometimes subject us to. Life will be quieter and a little less colourful, but that is how I prefer it. Professional ethics prevent me from going into more detail here.
Maks and Melissa chose Val to join their samba. She said there is nothing hotter than dancing with the two Chmerkovskiy brothers. Val and Maks dance just alike, which makes sense. This was a hot samba! Melissa did really well and was praised by the judges. Score: 27 = 51
Truthfully, I am trading those three charmers in for a night full of gluttony and waistline punishment munching on unhealthy foods, sipping red wine and toasting a bit of the expensive bubbly with a whole bunch of my awesome friends at midnight. What a better way to welcome in 2012?
A super simple and colourful summer wreath.
The new chicks have arrived! This year we have Aracaunas. Every year I add a new breed to our flock. This lets me keep up the egg laying for our family and also lets me know by their breed, how old they are. We now have 3 breed, Buff Orpingtons, Rhode Island Reds and Aracaunas.
The day when I will finally be free …”
Innocence
Sharing
I know I'm not alone when I say that the new year always makes me want to clean and declutter like nothing else. The stores are full of proof: organizing containers are right there next to the exercise equipment, just waiting for everyone to spend money on "gear" to start their New Year's resolutions.
About six or seven years ago, a friend asked if I had read them because they were very good. I had never even heard of them. Then I mentioned it to another friend who said he had also read them and they were very good. I checked out some reviews, they were very good. So if they were very good, I can probably assume they are worth reading. So I bought the trilogy and guess what? They are very good.
I was happily surprised to see on that Isaac’s book is also being adapted to film. Unlike Brooks’ “fiction2film,” Marion’s appears to be more of a direct adaption than a variation on the story. Although director Jonathan Levine is writing the script, he consulted with Marion during the process.
So what does monogenes mean? According to the Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament and Other Early Christian Literature (BAGD, 3rd Edition), monogenes has two primary definitions. The first definition is “pertaining to being the only one of its kind within a specific relationship.” This is the meaning attached to its use in Hebrews 11:17when the writer refers to Isaac as Abraham’s “only begotten son.” Abraham had more than one son, but Isaac was the only son he had by Sarah and the only son of the covenant.
Oh well! We are alright with the time constraints at the present moment and hopefully we can take a boat from Sydney to Tasmania when we get there.
2. What neighborhood boasts median number of feral cats?
Lancôme also gifted its guests with free Vernis in Love manicures at this party. Angie gravitated towards Vernis in Love in Rose Thé (350M) a muted, brownish pink, while Jessica fell for Rose Plumetis (300M, pictured), a cool-toned rosebud pink with a creme finish. Angie also admired Madame Tulipe (179M), a deep reddish wine, and many women at the event adored Rose Pitimini (343B), a vibrant cotton candy pink. The polishes apply smoothly and easily, thanks to a specially grooved and tapered brush, and two coats give full coverage that lasts for days.
Another popular YouTube user became famous by unintentionally being hilarious. Chuck Testa, a taxidermist at Ojai Valley Taxidermy, posted his television commercial on YouTube and has received almost 12 million views and 88.5 thousand “likes”. The Ojai Valley Taxidermy channel “Testas Tuesday Tips” on how to correctly skin and “stuff” various animals. “The most lifelike dead animals anywhere… Period!” may be Ojai’s slogan, but the repeated line “Nope! Chuck Testa” in the television commercial is what Chuck Testa is known for. In his commercial, Chuck Testa “fools” people with his “lifelike dead animals” only to reveal that “Nope. They’re not. They’re dead.” Testa goes on to display his animals in ridiculous scenarios but still fooling onlookers because the animals are so lifelike! “Look at that antelope driving a car!” But then Chuck Testa pops out and informs the idiot that “Nope! Just Chuck Testa!” Another scenario features a girl lying in bed next to a bear, “Oh no! There’s a bear in my bed!” But luckily Testa comes out from under the covers and comforts her with “Nope! Chuck Testa.”
Imagine that!
Stone's production, co-translated with Tom Wright (not to be confused with Thomas M. Wright, who is playing Baal), is a serious and often brilliant attempt at Brecht's play. Although the script is hugely cut, it sticks closely to the original text, transposing its obscenities and undeniable beauties into contemporary colloquial English. Likewise, Brecht's songs are set to electric guitar by Stefan Gregory, but remain ballads rather than rock'n'roll. Baal is no Thyestes or The Wild Duck, in which a new text is spun out of the bones of the original, so here the estrangements of poetry are added to the alienations produced by its lead character.
Lest you misunderstand, my allergy is still alive and well. Oh, I still lapse into convulsive fits when around smokers in restaurants or amusement parks or ballgames, but never once in church with Gina. That’s bling, sister!
50. Did I mention that you’re really cute? I kind of like you.
oh there have been rumours of visitations but nothing like these places of pilgrimage.
I outgrew that once I hit 8th grade and decided to be a boy for a year.
That is what Christmas is all about.
Saturday: Out :)
The Electrick Floorbanger from Monstrous Regiment by Terry Pratchett
Police regularly arrest householders who are deemed to have taken “disproportionate” action to protect themselves and their property from burglars or intruders. The message goes out that criminals have little to fear from “the feds”.
So, i did and the results were intriguing. I couldn't believe my eyes. The mixture looked like glimmer mist! So I tried it......
5. Clear Your Desk Top
Nevertheless perhaps the Orange Coats who have been taking part in some of their greatest hockey louis vuitton online kaufen in franchise record had been knocked off for your 16thstraight in time Knoxville since the Potential predators or innovators obtained 3 times inside the 3 rd to be able to wipe out the Coats 3-2.
And at intervals waiting or in the midst of camp,
In some states, a diploma can be issued by your school (your parents). Again, the acceptability of this document will vary from college to college. As will the acceptability of a GED.
Here are some recent pics of us hanging out at home. Watching hockey games on TV, Noah being silly (by wearing a water diaper on his head), lounging around in our pjs.... just taking it slow and relaxing.
Hubby saw me paying the bill and was shocked at the rate. He said, "We need to cancel." So, I started researching alternatives. We can't do satellite or dish because of the direction our apartment faces.
Smart, economically sound customers are good customers. When all the other customers have maxed out their credit, your stable customers will go the distance.
There's always the beer, the scenery, the music, the castles, men in kilts, and of course great ideas for good books and fabulous book boyfriends! But my favorite thing? Definitely the scenery. There aren't many places you can go that look like this
My awesome friend Linzi tagged me in this fun little quiz so I can talk more about myself. Whee!
In the 9th Paara, 7th Chapter-Surah-al-Araaf, Verse206, one will find the first verse about Sajda (prostation).
It’s Manhattan. A viral plague called Blacklight is spreading. The infected become grotesque behemoths on uncontrollable manhunts for the uninfected. You’re an amnesiac mutant, enabled with the power of shape-shifting and absorbing others (known as “consuming”), as well as tremendous power that even allows you to climb up buildings effortlessly. What kind of person are you? You are Alex Mercer, the star of Radical Ent.’s hit of summer 2009, Prototype. Despite its gameplay similarities to other games, it was a critical and commercial success, having enough sales to be inflicted into the Xbox’s Hall of Platinum Hits. And, of course, after that there needed to be a second phase. And so that’s where Prototype 2 comes in, the super-heroic sci-fi sequel. In this game, a man named James Heller goes out to fulfill his goal of eradicating Blacklight, but also plans to terminate a person whom he believes is responsible for the death of his family in the virus outbreak: none other than Alex himself. James practically shares the exact same powers as Alex, although shape-shifting and consumption has become more tactical. Like, if James consumes a soldier, people’s reactions will show they want nothing to do with him. To prevent enemy overwhelm, Radical has included more down-to-earth AI, as well as weapon use, like fending off using a freshly-ripped tank cannon.
It would seem that I have an obsession......xv
Esha!
xiv+108 pages
rod = kin, kinsfolk – this word is the root of the words like rodbina = family, next of kin, and priroda = nature, environment. very, vera, vira = faith, religion
Next comes the introduction from the advertising manager named rich. He introduced the brewery its self telling us some information about the history of thornbirdge, its brewery's and the beers that made it famous, Jaipur. After this we were shown to the brewery its self, the first port of call was were the malt or in this case rye was being processed. During our time in here we were introduced to a man who i'd met on numerous occasions before called Dom who many reading this blog will recognize from his twitter page. During this brief introduction we were also lucky enough to leanr about a new beer on the lines that was coming up hopefully sooner than later, the only specs that were given away were that its was a double rye pale ale and at 8.5 % certainly not a beer to be messed about with.
Maybe I’m being a bit a bit extreme.
He has missed you
confident of victory,” one of the messages reads.
There is only one set of tracks for your school train. The same for everyone. They tell you this is the only way to get between stops, where you are tested to make sure the train is on schedule. Sometimes you might see a shortcut to the next stop, or a nice sidewalk or winding wooded path running along the tracks. You say "Look, that path goes to the same place we are going anyway. Can I use it instead for a bit?" They say that's not the right way. You have to get there the same way as everyone else, at the same time.
114 6. Book Review: Charles Goodell, Political Prisoners in America (New York, 1973). Chicago Sun-Times/Book Week, July 8, 1973, p. 1.
Land grab policy explained?
- Take a tour in my new city (D.C) to see the changing colors of leaves
The historian, author of books including Elizabeth and The Private Life of Henry VIII, said: “If you want to look at what happens when you have no sense of common identity, look at Rochdale and events in Rochdale, where you have groups that are absolutely and mutually uncomprehending.
"It's an employee. They get better, then they plateau. You kick them in the ass, then they get better again. Then they plateau."
I loved that she was willing to simply be honest and put her reaction to the book out there. For me, I'm thinking this book is kind of like trends that happen in other mediums. There's no easy or clear explanation. It just happens and something becomes wildly popular. For example, the phenom of Ugg Boots (which are not particularly attractive) or croc shoes for that matter. The youtube phenom for Randall's narration of National Geographic footage: The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger.
Is to live in a state of Unity
It’s important to note that for a true Pin-Up look, a semi-matte finish is needed for the foundation. Followed by a setting of loose powder. In the era of the pin-up most foundations had a semi-matte or matte look to them.
Shain Kirby interviewed me this week about aggression and bite statistics in response to growing concern over the possible introduction of state-wide BSL in Texas. Here is an excerpt - read the entire interview at the below link.
Hope you are having a great week and looking forward to the weekend.
I filled the 8 days I shared with my family with talk of tweets and pins, teaching them how to check-in on Facebook and explaining Twitter and Pinterest. The result? I was tagged into every restaurant we went to 3 times, and my grandpa (@MillenniumMayor) has been spam tweeting Karl Rove, Glenn Beck, Martha Maccallum, and Sarah Palin.
Man is not ideally threatened by the concept of Karma, to do good deeds. And neither is it worth doing so. You don’t have to make a to-do list every day and then behave according to it. I believe life is the most passionate when you live spontaneously, act impulsively. Karma is neither inspiring nor is it compulsive. Then why Karma?!
Recorded @: 24 bit 44.1K frequency recorded
Slow Down, Molasses
She’s irregularly tied on the tree and can now walk freely though under close guard of an adult while her then rotting fingers are slowly healing. Her previously pale skin is getting smooth today.
I plan for something in each of these categories and then decide on what night each choice will be prepared. Some nights it has to be simple meals and others can be more complex, in terms of preparation. We also plan that Sunday to Thursday, we make double the amounts so that lunch the next day is last nights dinner.
OG (Plato) 16.5
Sometimes a really talented and eclectic cast comes together and makes something magical.
So what have you been up to this week? Any fancy St. Patrick's day plans this weekend? We've got the desk to finish up - just the finishing touches now! In fact, a number of the pieces are already in our bedroom.
The mountains and hills will lead the parade, bursting with song.
“Now, this little key here,” and he pointed to a key that was much smaller than the others, “Opens the little room at the end of the great ground floor corridor. Take your friends where you want, open any door you like, but not this one! Is that quite clear?” repeated Bluebeard. “Not this one! Nobody at all is allowed to enter that little room.”
Bollop Grudsell
Always afraid of rejection and dejected
Theophile Gautier – The Foot of the Mummy
Speaking of gardens... with such nice weather, we've been working outside a lot, so it's easy to forget to do any prepping. Make a list of items you need in each category and keep them in your purse or on a separate shopping list so you can refer to it when you're out and about. Pick up an item every now and then to add to your "savings" account!
Jesus once told his disciples “This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends. You are my friends if you do what I command you.”
DOCTOR: Are you depressed?
We invite you to join us on our journey. Follow our blog as we explore the history of our neighborhood through the stories of people who have lived it. In February, we will be designing our project and recruiting people to tell their stories. Do you know someone with a story? Let us know.
I go into dispatch and they tell me that her bail was just posted. I laugh because I know that she was filed out of custody and that paperwork doesn’t mean a thing. It also means that most likely who ever paid that money just lost it.
This type of carefully controlled environment reminded me of something—life within the Watchtower Society. Jehovah’s Witnesses are taught to inform on one another “to keep the congregation clean.” They are told Jehovah will hold them responsible if they do not report the sins of one another and to be complicit brings the same death penalty as the sin.
Large Ruffle & Leggings: V0000, B60 & 0
Flipped over, he entered her from the back. Pulling her shoulder to bring her in closer as he continued the long deep strokes only stopping to taste her pussy and greedily drink her satisfaction. Her body was wild with excitement as orgasms came and went like friend passing in the night. The sounds of the streets played in the distance as the moans of their love sung out a slow sultry serenade. Wiping sweat from his brow, he grabbed her breast and brought her nearer with each stroke. With each meeting of their flesh they felt as one, and with each union a fit of passion tingled inside of her. Pulling out he brought his tongue from the top of her curvaceous ass to the bottom of her pussy. Then he lay down on the cover and watched her as she straddled over him, grinding on his dick slowly as they writhed with pleasure. Contorted, their bodies were locked in each other as the moon and stars shun down fully aware that love like this could create its own galaxy and as her cum ran down his dick, she put one hand on his chest and one hand on her own and then without warning she began to scream. Grinding herself into him, they came. Frozen in their own tantric pose, they fell into each other once more. Caressed by the breeze of a beautiful Harlem night, they were more aware than ever that this city and this love needed their protection and with a bond as strong as theirs, if only for a blink of God’s eye Harlem would be okay.
I hope that this has been helpful. Remember that all the information above is up-to-date as of 5/5/2011. But things here seem to be able change often -- especially price increases.
Bheem didn’t hear anything that followed because he had fainted with fear. The next morning he woke up in the tree and slowly climbed down and went back to the palace. The scene he had witnessed had disturbed him so much that he ate less than half the breakfast that Kunti had sent for him. Kunti was worried because Bheem had never returned food on his plate before. She went to him and asked him if he was alright. Bheem was worried and told her what he had seen and heard the night before. Kunti understood the gravity of what Bheem had witnessed and decided that she would do something to save him.
We now have literally hundreds of eye-witness accounts, biographies and personal testimonies of what life was like when every attempt was made to police an individual’s thoughts and behaviour under a communist system. The Lie is everywhere, and, as Solzhenitsyn’s eleventh commandment states: ‘Man shall not live by the Lie’. And indeed man cannot live by the Lie, as a survivor of Soviet totalitarianism, Jules Margoline, notes in a telling example:
1:47: I find it personally funny when d-bags try to wax poetic on fighting corporations and society. You tools do realize that Nike, GNC, and the UFC aren’t saving the world right?
A cool concept for a show that relates back to the events of the Buffy finale. What happens when a psychotic abuse victim gets the powers of a slayer? Find out on this weeks very special episode of Angel.
yes, since she was a tiny chick, she loves to lie in our arms.
The Moral of the Story:
His Grace-Filled Prose
Quran burnings at a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in February set off a wave of deadly protests and prompted an apology from Mr. Obama. Weeks later, a 38-year-old U.S. Army staff sergeant was accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians, most of them women and children. In April, photographs depicting U.S. troops posing with the bodies of dead Afghans were publicly circulated, reminiscent of images released in January showing U.S. troops urinating on Afghan corpses.
I have enjoyed our local zoo since Renee's first trip at five months old. Our pass allows us to come and go as often as we want, and we always have lunch at various places in the zoo. Today, Kristen and I sat on a park bench looking out over the African Savanna. I think I was more excited today to take her because I cherish it so much with her. I will never get over the fact that the things I thought we lost at her birth are so part of our life...so normal...so wonderful...and so much more rich because of our journey. A simple trip with her to the zoo is celebrated. She was so animated at every thing we saw, and her excitement and smiles are truly extremely contagious. She walked by my side and wanted nothing to do with holding my hand. "I am five" she tells me. Apparently, holding hands is for little kids. So, I made it clear if you walk by me I will not have to hold your hand. That kid stuck right by my side. Those simple things in life make me so happy and proud now.
I looked over the books in our house and the books Bonnie has reviewed online. Bad news. We don't have enough animal books. I did find a few, if you call a goose an "animal," but I am not sure the animals in these books are the main characters. Here's what we had on shelves I could reach:
Tobit 8: 1-9
3. Tweet a link to the giveaway and make sure to tag me @biancaphillips. Then leave a comment letting me know you tweeted.Remember, you only need to enter once for a chance to win and you can do so by simply leaving a comment (see #1). Any extra entries for Facebook likes and Twitter mentions just help your chances, but if you're not on FB or Twitter, don't sweat it. I'll randomly select a winner on Monday night. Oh, and don't forget to leave your email address in a comment if you're not easily contactable through a blog.
What the hell is happening to me? I have a huge crush (no pun intended) on the portly Brooke Elliot, who plays the starring role on this hefty series (again, no pun intended). The show really does give you a mouthful (no pun, please) of entertainment, as it is “dramedy” that touches all the right buttons at the right moments. It’s got everything going for it, plus the fact it is one of the few shows my wife and I can watch together – she’s more of a soap opera queen.
came when the futility of the attempt
I think it's really important for everyone to have an affirmation that will lift their spirits when challenges seem insurmountable. If you don't have one yet, I really suggest writing one for yourself! It can be as simple or complex as you like; this one is rather long, but another mantra of mine that I find myself falling back to time and again is as easy as "Breathe. You can do this." The important part of your affirmation is that it reminds you of everything you're striving for and how amazing your life will be once you accomplish these goals. It'll get your through difficult times and remind you that whatever you're living through at that moment, no matter how dire it seems, will someday be one more challenge you've learned and grown from.
19. Eschewing the royalty maths for authors.
True to their word, The Specials will be back on the road in 2012. The band is scheduled to play 4 dates in Australia from April 3-7, 2012 and a show at the Live At The Marquee in Cork in Cork, Ireland on June 11, 2012. Fans of the band living in the U.S. are still keeping their fingers crossed that the band will finally return to play and rumors I've heard from sources inside the band suggest this is a distinct possibility! Stay tuned.
Due to its value as a cultural and religious artifact, even photocopies of the pages could be worth between 3 and 4 million Turkish Lira, or about 1,703,233 U.S. dollars
Here is the all important disclaimer. How and why you use coupons, will have a major impact on the most successful way to store/file/organize your coupons. What I show you today, goes with my weekly system well, however, it may not mesh into your system.
As for singers, that’s a huge list, with only two names on it: Ray Charles and Bessie Smith.
Milan Kundera - Ignorance - Back to Kundera again as I needed a short read for the weekend only. Not finished yet, but can already tell his is going to teach me some history here about Communism in the Check Republic, before he is going to continue his story about an ex pad woman who moved to Paris. Fine by me.
Now here is the tip I want to share about buying used stamps if you ever have the opportunity:
grateful:
Kitt turned two last month. We ditched the crib. Now every morning, she wakes up, makes a grand gesture to her big-girl bed and says, "Look! A bed!" The Munchkin is articulate and full of drama in both good ways (imagination? Check.) and bad (Shut off the TV?! I shall never recover!! NEVER!!) Much to my horror/amusement, has no social filter whatsoever.
A reader has written the following:
Our lovely teamie Mel has chosen the theme, in honour of her new puppy, Harley - who is wreaking havoc at puppy training classes!! :-)
to change,
Then, the group of non-aligned nations – 77 nations – pooled their assets… all their wealth, their gold and other valuables… and set up some global collateral accounts.
a brisk shower
4) Know your Airline’s limits: now all the size and weight limits of your airline for your luggage. Weigh your luggage beforehand to ensure it is not overweight.
I'm not far off the mark. This is Assouline's description:
1 kick
Our new Canon Sureshot A1200 malfunctioned during the tour, so I didn’t get many pictures. It is going back and a new one is on the way. We have not had good luck with cameras.
MUCH REMAINS TO DO
Sistahs, the world has heard our call. We are here, ready, armed and dangerous in a four inch heel.
Behind the gearcase, the rear impact structure is mounted midway between the beam wing and floor, fully exposing both the beam wing and allowing airflow into the central boat tail shape of the diffuser. As the diffuser was covered up, its not clear if there are features to drive airflow into the starter motor hole. A new feature on the beam wing is an upswept centre section, the extra angle of attack in the middle 15cm of the wing having a slot to help keep the airflow attached. The upper rear wing is a new design albeit similar the short chord DRS flap wing, we saw introduced at Suzuka last year. The DRS pod is still mounted atop the rear main plane and its hydraulics fed to it through the rear wing endplates. The flaps junction with the endplates follows recent McLaren practice with a complex set of vents aimed at reducing drag inducing wing tip vortices.
I have things to do. MANY things to do. I could work 24/7 for the next 3 months, and I'd still have things that were late. But, I am not getting it done. Heck, I'm not even getting started. I try to tell myself there will be rewards, and that progress comes from completion. When I get my "list" completed, I'll be able to move on to the next thing. I guess some part of me just doesn't believe it.
He looks at me for awhile and then nod.
Iván Meade - Do you ever get star-struck when meeting these clients for the first time?
my bags half-spilled out around me.
The fam-damily waited for me at an out-and-back loop.
We are not huge on celebrating Valentines Day....since it is just a few days after my birthday it seems to fall through the cracks after birthday festivities. We normally do a little something to celebrate and exchange a small thoughtful gift and that is enough for us! I do love the idea of a day that encourages you to tell your loved one how much you love them!
Friendly Fara Froggy oggles her reflection,
While supportive of its objectives, members of the Senate have referred the bill to the house committees on human rights and law and justice for review, with a report expected to be presented in late February.
Slice the pork and serve with the cooking juices.
* The new UBC Copyright Office, which will be established to further enhance
I'd be delighted to order any of these items for you and can have them delivered to your address in the UK. I'm committed to providing excellent customer service and am always happy to offer help and advice. To place your order, just send me an email or give me a call on 01280 820593.
And now childhood is overridden with a
Drawing on examples from her translation practice in poetry, Erín Moure discusses translation as an operation that is not just linguistic, but social. It takes place in a social field, and is a task accomplished through—and that bears traces of—the intervention of one human body: that of the translator. In translation, the “thing” or “meaning” that is “carried across” from one text to another is never purely a representation of the work of the original author. The “new” meaning is part of a social fabric in the target language and is not solely resident in the text itself. What is meaning, after all, if it is not “our” meaning?
AS MOST PEOPLE HERE WILL KNOW BY NOW MEGAUPLOAD HAS BEEN CLOSED DOWN.
other side of her apartment into a living space, and advertise for a roommate. Then she would go begging for a job with low pay and long hours in support of someone else’s design reverie.
I would conclude that the Holy Bible is not a mere fairy tale book as claimed by non-believers but really God’s work. Its placement of time when the events happened could be verified. Any holes could have been pinpointed if found wrong or misaligned.
Congratulations Donna!! Please email me (Joanne) by clicking here, please include your full name and address and I will pass on your details to Emma, who'll send out your prize to you.
“No you’re not!” At which point of course, my brother Terry is saying ‘come on let’s go, come on let’s go’ and starting towards the park.
and I'm so glad they were.
Dear Internets:
When I see my ex which is not all that often. I see a man who has gained a lot of weight. Who struggles with smoking, doesn’t get enough sleep, does not exercise and eats horribly. I am told by my children that while he seems happy to be with his girlfriend in that they seem to get along just fine, their relationship is plagued with issues. My children don’t like her and her children don’t like him. Her children rule her roost so much so that it aggravates my ex who came from a very disciplined home. He has also lost two jobs in two years. One because he did not heed the warnings of his company to end the inappropriate relationship with this woman whom he managed as her boss. The second because he was not seen to be a valuable asset. He is struggling financially living in an inexpensive home owned by his father out in the middle of nowhere causing him to get up early and stay up late because of a hellish commute. He is not able to do a lot of fun things with his own children because money is so tight. He is behind on his alimony and child support payments. He has lost the admiration and respect he had from his own children and struggles to keep that relationship close. Now that my son has a job it will become even more strained because he will not have as much time to see his father.
The Magic Touch…Ambrielle is a fairy godmother and the supervising fairy godmothers are trying to strip her of her powers. She has twenty-four hours to prove she is worthy of being a fairy godmother by straightening out one messed up soul…Danny. His girlfriend just broke up with him and he’s stuck in a job he hates. She proceeds to pester him about Charlotte until he sends her flowers. Then she proceeds to cause little issues at work until he is fired for sexual harassment. She does find him a potential small business to buy which he seems to consider when she pops out of his life at the end of the day. This story really did nothing for me, left me feeling bleh. I felt Ambrielle was overstepping way too far.
Far be it from me to accuse Nancy and Alice of being anything other than entirely scrupulous with the truth, but apart from them, and the lady called Fukino from Hawaii, it really was not necessary for many people to know the facts or be involved in hiding them.
When Sam and I saw these at Christmas, we both remarked, "Hey- we can make these!" And so I did.
Brian and I refer to it as our Evangelical Hero Complex.
And that’s the first half of my grief. *waves a hand* The second half is a spoiler, but those who stick around to read Phantom Pain (second book) will know it when they see it.
I gotta say this beer surprised me. I was not expecting much. When Kona first made a splash on the Austin scene I had my reservations. Without hearing any rumblings in the beer underworld, all of sudden every supermarket in town had huge displays of Kona Brewing's offerings. It seemed a bit fishy to me. And it made me wary of their beers. Why had I not heard about this earlier? Just who is pushing these beers on us? .... You know what I am saying?
Ovation inflation.
~Spread LOVE~
I’ll probably forget you, but it will take a long time. Jeans just aren’t the same. Thanks for the comfort.
Dr. Marvin
At its heart the Dragons of the Cuyahoga is an action/adventure as much as a mystery. Chase scenes, and shoot outs litter the pages, but what really makes this book a story I can read over and over again is the descriptions. Too much description and I get bored, too little and the story lacks substance. It’s phrases like “an Oxford educated Jamaican” describing the accent of the elves. I’m not sure what that would sound like, but I keep trying. Later on, we encounter a professor who is described as resembling Albert Einstein, with Bela Lugosi’s accent. I kept picturing Einstein saying “I never drink…wine.” Swann posses the rare talent of succinctly, yet colourfully taking us to his imaginary landscape.
c) In this labor most of all guard your heart from evil thoughts and feelings—pride, vainglory, anger, judging of others, hatred, envy, scorn, despondency, attachment to things and people, scattered thoughts, anxiety, all sensual pleasures and everything that separates the mind and heart from God.
when the veil of illusion has been lifted from his eyes,
One thing though - I'd made brain cake (as described in Know Your Brain) but it was all eaten before I'd had time to explain what it was. It's delicious is what. And brainy. Buy the book if you want to know more.
I’ve fallen in love with the unstructured relaxed way of life here in Portugal. That is, when I stopped being so Norwegian expecting things to happen a certain way. Because if you expect rules to be followed and people to be on time, maybe Norway is the right place. I’ve embraced the untidiness and the way time just flows in all directions, not following any specific rules. It all got even better when I started meditating. I asked my portuguese man the other day if he’d noticed any change since I started meditating, expecting him to say wonderful things since I’ve had fewer headaches, less pain and more sleep. Yes, you’re less cranky, he said without thinking… I just burst out in laughter, which I wouldn’t have done before. I realized I’ve finally embraced myself and my new home.
A couple of weeks ago on TCM they played a special production called "Fragments" which showcased surviving bits and pieces of lost silent films. Of greatest interest to me was the fact they were playing the only known surviving footage from Clara Bow's only color film, 1928's "Red Hair". The footage was maddeningly short of course and was quite a bittersweet experience for me. On the one hand its NEW Clara Bow which is a treat no matter how you slice it!... but on the other hand it saddens me almost to tears to think that I may never see the entire film, or any of the other 3 films she made in 1928.
Here is where the final cards are shown
Cold glass. First, a double whisky, then the Wilkinson's tansan, then a twist of lemon. It is as simple as that. You can get highballs in the Samboa tradition at Rockfish in Tokyo (see the Metropolis article for details) and in any of the 11 Samboa bars in Kansai (no central website but Gion Samboa is at 570 Gion-Minamigawa, Yuraku-cho, Higashiyama-Ku, Kyoto; 075-541-7509.)
(better check on aunt Martha and uncle Herman in that retirement community just to be on the safe side….perhaps a quick phone call might be in order)
Editor’s Note: You can read Joel Kotkin’s article at
As a golfer you wouldn’t play in the Masters with six clubs in your bag and I think it’s important to project that we have the full 14 club selection that you need to be a champion; and every day at Sperry Van Ness we are helping our clients and customers not only with their day-to-day real estate requirements, but if they need a club for that special situation, we can pull the right club and strategy out of the bag and help our clients make the shot that they need and the decision process to make the right choice in commercial real estate.
She flipped her visor up. “Yeah. What’s up?”
As told in Watson’s classic memoir, The Double Helix, it was a tale of boundless ambition, impatience with authority and disdain, if not contempt, for received opinion. “A goodly number of scientists,” Watson explained, “are not only narrow-minded and dull but also just stupid.” Feynman wrote one word, in capitals: DISREGARD on his notepad when he read that. This word became his motto. That, he said, was the whole point. That was what he had forgotten, and why he had been making so little progress. The way for thinkers like himself to make a breakthrough was to be ignorant of what everybody else was doing and make their own interpretations and guesses.
B) This "Disease of the Year" trend was counter-productive and invited more each succeeding year, drowning out substantive proposals in favor of what amounts to emotional pleas
We shouldn’t care about the very poor. We shouldn’t care about the 1% that claims they are “the 99%,” we shouldn’t bankrupt ourselves for the 1% that has major medical problems (1% account for 22% of all medical costs…might be because most of life isn’t a constant disaster as liberals would have you believe …and half of all medical costs are paid out on 5% of the populace) our primary concern shouldn’t be about giving handouts to those who don’t have because we already have systems in place for them…and as Romney says very clearly “If it [the safety net] needs repair, I’ll fix it.” He has no intention of abandoning those who have the least, but he is not going make it his driving passion to give them more of what they have not earned.
The story is a wonderful tale about a little boy named Peter who refuses to grow up. He flies off to Neverland and has adventures with his band of Lost Boys. There are pirates and the Indian princess Tiger Lily. One night while sitting outside the Darling’s house to listen to the mother tell a bedtime story, Peter is spied and during his escape he loses his shadow. When he goes back for it, Wendy, the daughter hears him and is able to reattach Peter’s shadow. Peter finds out that Wendy remembers many bedtime stories and asks her to go to Neverland to be a mother to the Lost Boys. The Darling siblings, Wendy, John, and Michael join Peter Pan and the Lost Boys in Neverland.
“I’m never going to see this again, am I?” I joked, looking at my fellow passengers for confirmation of my fears.
Ben-Day dots as a definitive style, as opposed to something that simply existed in printing, exploded onto the art scene thanks to 1950s-1960s American comics and American artist Roy Lichtenstein. Using comic strips as his subject, which by this point nearly all used the Ben-Day inking style, he magnified it, drawing attention to each and every dot. If Ben-Day had not been synonymous with American comics prior to Lichtenstein, his paintings cemented the marriage between the two while also allowing Ben-Day dots to be viewed as their own art style. No longer used simply for coloring, they could be used in more stylistic choices and in other mediums.
Second, there are many other factors besides simplicity that scientists weigh in determining which hypothesis is the best, such as explanatory power, explanatory scope, and so forth. A hypothesis that has, for example, broader explanatory scope may be less simple than a rival hypothesis but still be preferred because it explains more things. Simplicity is not the only, or even most important, criterion for assessing theories!
There are many species and subspecies of yarrow, including a similar native American variety known as A. Millefolium var. lanulosa. Yarrow is naturalized through-out North America and can be found growing wild in meadows, fields, and along roadsides.
Well we’re lucky enough to have conducted an interview with this great writer and you’re lucky enough to read it!
It doesn’t mean to forget,
Not so easy. Curtailing the civilization software and (temporarily) re-installing Man 1.0 requires practice and understanding. My practice and your understanding.
Must be able to drive news vehicles safely and without incident. Must be able to carry camera and gear weighing 50 pounds. Must be willing to work in all weather conditions both day and night.
Cryin
it is a fascinating look at the turbulent and remarkable lives of the Hemingways from the woman's perspective,
Ultimately, we did find her. And I got to have my Lifetime movie moment. You know the one where I finally see her and drop to my knees sobbing to gather her in my arms? Truly, I expect a call from the Academy within 72 hours.
SNACKEN R. Vaccinatie tegen griep. Medisfeer. September 1998; 85: 7-8.
One last thing, even if the entire EU apologizes it won't change a thing; fanatics in our countries here had always considered the west their infidel arrogant crusader enemy and no apology no matter how big or sincere can change that.
Kenneth Marcus Caldwell, 30, New York, N.Y.
In the summer of 1944, with World War II ongoing, Bukowski was arrested by FBI agents in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was living at the time, on suspicion of draft evasion. He later failed a psychological exam that was part of his mandatory military entrance ‘physical’ and was declared unfit for military service.
Today, they took their recent actions to an even more confusing level when Reed Hastings offered an apology for the way in which the earlier changes were handled.
Regardless, I’m over you. No, there’s nothing wrong with you. It’s not you, it’s me. I hate to say this, but you’re just too old for me. You’re over the hill. Old school already. You’ve lost your shine. I’m now going with workers younger than you, the next generation, Generation Z.
I'm here today to share with you the prizes you're playing for this month... though the real prize is completing Christmas projects, right? So many ideas, so little time- we're so grateful for each one of you who plays along with us in our Seriously Creative Challenges!
In fact, the move by Hulu toward the new model — called authentication because viewers would have to log in with their cable or satellite TV account number — was behind the move last week by Providence Equity Partners to cash out of Hulu after five years, these sources said.
The law will become effective over the next few months, once rules determining eligibility for such legal assistance by the Bar will be adopted.
To be honest, I haven't really been able to get a good feel for it yet. So far, it feels like a growing sprawl of a place, with relatively new enormous skyscrapers plopped down here and there without much plan. But some of the architecture is beautiful. The most famous landmark is The Petronas Twin Towers which dominates the skyline of the modern part of the city. Predominently an office building, it stands in a new development called KLCC (Kuala Lumpur City Centre) which has the best hotels, enormous shopping malls, a park, an aquarium, a concert hall.
Stephanopoulos asked whether Santorum’s comments meant that he thought there was “something wrong with encouraging college education.”
I have just finished a little skirt I made for my little girl out of what I think was a boob tube. It is only age 11-12 which is why I am unsure. Do they make boob tubes for 11 year old girls? I guess it could've been a skirt but it had no elastic around the top. Hmm.
Get the idea? That's a max of 4 chances to win per person, if you are able to do all of the above. Just let me know in your comment what you did so I can tally up all the entries. Don't forget to leave your email address so that I can contact you if you are a winner!
That's my take. However, I'm looking at the whole situation from a basketball sense. Money wise, he would bring in a few bucks for a number of years. Despite the Cavalier's inability to put a decent team around LeBron, Cleveland was rocking downtown on game nights. The upcoming NBA Draft should be a decent one and it might be best to end all the talk if the right player is there to couple with Kyrie Irving.
Therefore, angels are only servants–spirits sent to care for people who will inherit salvation.
Ben the Bodyguard is a grizzled, streetsmart Frenchman who knows about the seedy side of things. He has made a living keeping things hidden that need to stay hidden. Ben's most unique biographical tid-bit, however, is that he's an iPhone app.
There can be some extra benefit if you want to look over what I’ve written in approximately two months so you can decide if you want to embark on a similar journey. You will be missing some of my writing which is a private blog containing my writing for two science fiction stories/novels.
*Reinforced magnetic seal
The Florida Panthers engaged in a massive overhaul of their lineup this season. Mainly in order to reach the salary cap floor. The Panthers scored by committee with Tomas Fleischmann, Stephen Weiss and Kris Versteeg all scoring 20+ goals and another six players marking double digits.
The Interminable Agency Clause: This clause in an author-agency agreement gives the agency the right to represent a sold property not just for the duration of any publishing contracts, but for the life of copyright. Writers' organizations warn against such clauses--for good reason.
#330 Charlie Hayes - Another cool Rookie Card, this of the much traveled Hayes, whose rookie year stats in 7 games were 1-11 (.091 AVG) with 3 strikeouts. He'd go on to lead the National League in doubles in 1993 and win a World Series with the Yankees in 1996.
Thought I could do five great abstract paintings today, so here goes…
Feminism killed off Miss America, but not in the way originally intended or predicted. It didn't manage to overthrow unrealistic and bizarre standards of female beauty; if it had, Hollywood wouldn't be chockablock with bobblehead starlets who think an oyster cracker is an entree. And it didn't succeed in liberating women from being seen as sex objects, not when porn star Jenna Jameson can natter away on television about her career as though she were a bank manager.
Well today I wanted to share a little card I made. I didn't get a chance to use my bunnies during the Easter rush for cards so I am using them now.
You've seen her before, my granddaughter Eloise. She has enjoyed watching me quilt. Whenever she is in our shop, she loves to sit on my lap. I may quilt for a bit, or I may let her play with my ruler or purple pen. Most of the time she lasts a minute and then is off to something else.
The only disadvantage of murals on sloping ceilings is for the painter, as painting half way up with your head in an angle gives you a terrible crick in the neck :-)
Maybe you grant just a few of these, or similar, freedoms to your child; perhaps you grant most of them. But ask yourself, simply and honestly, this fundamental question about the freedom you give to your child:
Please ensure that 1 hour before your appointment that you consume at least 2 glasses of water. You will need to have a Full Bladder.
What have books done for you?
Over 80 designers, FIVE shopping sprees each day. No one knows where the prizes will be! Each day of the hop JustRite will have five Mystery Blog Candy Prizes hidden along the hop with a total retail value of $600. JustRite will randomly select five mystery blogs each day of the hop and randomly allocate each of the shopping sprees. For your chance to win, simply leave a little love (a comment) on each designer’s blog including the JustRite blog. The more designers you leave comments with, the better your chances of winning. Each day’s comments will remain open for three days. A winner from each of the mystery blogs’ comments will be randomly chosen using Random.org. Consult the listing of designers at the JustRite blog each day (each day’s designers will be different) and start out on your way! Beginning Friday, March 26, summaries of all the winners will be posted on the JustRite blog. Good luck to everyone and enjoy all the JustRite eye candy along the hop!
* Main recipes: Helm, Chest, Wrist, Glove, Belt, Leg and Feet slot armor (medium and heavy) for non-force users.
By acting like a dog while making his dumb thug life relevant
“Think harder, then. I know I could have made more of a difference in protect my fa- my people had I bothered to learn the art of the sword before the Orcs attacked. And I know that if I had learned to use the Light for healing before they came instead of just reading about it, I could have helped more as well. And I know that our mages were helpful both in and out of battle; with their offensive spells, defensive shields. The food they conjured, the portals they set up. I am sure that you could have the potential to be that useful too.”
"A strong library service, based around the needs of local people, can play a key role in our ambitions to build the Big Society by providing safe and inclusive spaces for people to read, learn and access a range of community services," Mr Vaizey said.
He knew, as we all should, that suffering precludes glory as we see in Romans 8:17. “If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.” We see the similarity to 2 Timothy 2:12. “If we suffer, we shall also reign with him.”
Because we can't ignore the whole virtual shopping world and it's fun to shop (for real or not) in our pyjamas, this new category of posts will highlight online shopping websites. Don't be shy to share with us your favorite shopping websites!
Let’s look at the entire text again:
Blush in Fantastico Mauve and Corallina.
Initially, the sales figures were decent which indicated that the Indians are responding well. However, it soon became apparent that many people had bought Corn Flakes as a one-off, novelty purchase. Another big issue is its price, the product is too expensive for the Indian middle-class. Meanwhile, Kellogg’s didn’t reduce the price and decided to launch other products in India. Indian cereal buyers were introduced to Chocos, Rice Flakes, Wheat Flakes, All Bran, Honey Flakes and few other line extensions where none of them have managed to really succeed in a big scale.
To apply just reply to this site there is no outside link to the scholarship website. All entries will automatically be held over to be entered for an opportunity at being selected for the next years scholarship.
My friend, a Royal Conservatory of Music Level 9, herself, has played weddings etc in Toronto and has the academic input here. My unschooled musical ear assessment was not only confirmed but doubly confirmed by her. My multi-genre musical performance attending friend, along with her husband, kept saying, “What amazing talent we witnessed on that stage tonight. We will be seeing them again every chance we can.”
18. Bell Jar, The: Sylvia Plath
Every bone in my body was tingling with joy under the full moon, being in wolf form felt so different….so free. The faint scent of tree bark and fresh winter air overwhelmed my wet wolfish nose with a pleasure I could only feel in a dream. When I’m in wolf form, there are no boundaries or walls to contain me; it’s just me and the open wild. Daniel never did mention what an amazing experience it would be to become a wolf. Soggy grass beneath my four paws. Dirt grazing under my belly from kicking so hard was a comfort. Tonight Mother Nature is welcoming with her damp earth, blessing us with a soft snow. Nothing feels better right now than just running….running from everyone, running from everything……even life. As if the sweet taste of freedom demands to be felt. The snow…. Why is the snow stained red? Snow is white, not red. Red is the color of blood, or sometimes roses. Snow is white. So why is it red in here? That taste in my mouth, I don’t like it. Daniel make it go away…..pleas? Daniel please help me. Daniel……Daniel!
Once I receive a response from you, I will send the survey as an attachment to the e-mail address that you provide. The survey will have approximately 15 questions and I will collect completed surveys until March 31st, 2008.
Last night he said he didn’t know what I wanted. I told him that I wanted to be loved, to be adored, to be cherished, to be taken care of, to feel special. He said that is what he does everyday.
Because all of a sudden he felt himself flying into the air. He'd never taken that long of a jump before, and it was scary. Then... instead of his cool, dark sleeping spot, he found himself out in the bright sunshine. He had no idea how he'd gotten here.
3) To stand by your man - even if you don't agree with him! There were a few times Dad raised his daughter rather um, old school wise. Much to my HUGE resentment. Mom hugged me, counseled me, agreed it wasn't fair, even talked to Dad on my behalf. But when he stuck to his guns, she stuck by his side...in a loving way, saying "Dad has his reasons for wanting to protect you and I have to support him. We'll get through this together."
This not a new theory about autism, I believe it was first set out in a published journal paper in 2006. This theory appears to have some similarities with the “Intense World” theory of autism that was the creation of Henry Markram, Tania Rinaldi and Kamila Markram, and would explain the same sorts of phenomena that the intense world theory would explain. The theory also quite obviously brings to mind the popular idea that autistic people are “visual thinkers”, an idea which has been popularized by the autistic author Temple Grandin. I’m not sure if she was the original source of this idea.
It was true and it was wonderful.
Of the man and woman we’ve always wanted to be
Thanks for reading! Happy running and have a super week!
In their language (Greek) the imperfect tense means that something is a repeating action. It will need to be done again.
- Penny Grubb (Representative of IAF)
it's no mystery i LOVE to shop (probably an understatement), whether it's at a boutique, in the mall, or on-line .. shopping almost defines me, in some crazy-unprofessional-absurd way .. so when i shop on-line and that package comes to the door - the butterflies start fluttering in the belly and i can not wait to see what's inside! - most of the time i forget what i even ordered or purchased at the mall ! (*ekk*, that's bad, huh?!) - so it's like a present to myself, on the regular! .. :o)
OK, so I am just going to throw it out there....
This was another gem I snagged for a steal and was left breathless. Utilizing the story within a story tactic, this one takes it a step further and adds another story within the first two. Following? It's a twisty, turny, spiral through mystery and darkness with an ending that left me with my jaw on the floor.
In 2007, following the landmark
Temperatures climbed as high as 89 degrees during Monday’s Boston Marathon and as many as 4,300 registered runners decided to skip the event. This has many people wondering, should the race have been rescheduled?
Yeah, I'm jealous.
Gartner’s predictions for the future of cloud computing agrees with Singh’s prediction, adding that by 2016, 50 percent of cloud-based email users will rely on a browser, tablet or mobile device instead of a desktop.
Are you curious to find out more about frequency manipulation of the earths natural environment ? Here is a great place to begin…. http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/04/24/want-to-know-about-weather-modification-haarp-vlf-hf-and-chemtrails-want-to-prove-it-to-a-non-believer-here-you-go/
4. Don’t be afraid to trust your instincts and stand by your convictions. This is a sticky one and a thankless one. This one has earned me more nasty nicknames than I care to admit - Mrs. Right; Mrs. Never Wrong; Mrs. Always Right, etc. I get this thrown in my face more times than I also care to admit. But my husband knows that if I am being particularly stubborn, it perhaps rates a second, third, and maybe a fourth look. Your opinion does count – you do have a voice and you are important. There is another side to this also – knowing when to admit defeat – with grace. A little self-deprecation doesn’t hurt either.
Sofitel Los Angeles
Well, you can read the full version of this tale over at millipedeengine.com, but, in a nutshell, Honey and I were early teenage friends and did make music together on and off over the years, including as an early incarnation of The Millipede Engine. In fact, we got as far as test pressings of Angry Aeroplanes/Skyscraper (both re-recorded for Bye Bye... We're Melting) and we had artwork for the cover depicting all manner of aircraft buzzing around a couple of skyscrapers in the style of Gilbert and George's Flying Underpants painting...can't remember if that's the correct title.
In the absence of such catalysts, it will be from within the suffering groups, whether masses or minorities that solutions will emerge conceived in their minds, fought for by their arms and won by their sweat.
The story opens with a botched bank robbery that leaves Bob Ford wounded and forced to lay up at the James home in Missouri. As he recuperates, he has the opportunity to visit the love of his life Cynthy Waters (Barbara Britton) who is an actress in a travelling theatre company. This meeting lays the groundwork for all that is to follow. When Ford arrives to see his woman he also meets a man called Kelley (Preston Foster) – a prospector who is clearly smitten with Cynthy. And thus the aforementioned triangle is set up. Cynthy begs Ford to abandon his outlaw ways and settle down to a decent life, thereby providing the motive for the subsequent murder of his friend. The rest of the movie is a portrait of guilt and a man trying to make good on his promise to go straight, yet foiled at every turn by his past and a love destined to remain unfulfilled.
Side Note: I think it interesting that even though you can shout obscenities at a large tv screen in the presence of others and still appear completely mature, if you skip out on work the next day because you are oh so sleepy, that is frowned upon.... adulthood, hmmph.
Why to watch Night of the Living Dead: It spawned an entire sub-genre.
3. Moon River
Other news: My experimental I.B.I.P.A. (Imperial Brett India Pale Ale) has a very pleasing flavor profile. It turned-out better than I thought it would; it's quite refreshing. I had it with some Maytag Blue Cheese last night, and they paired well together. This project took a while, though...waiting for 2 years worth of fermentation and conditioning was a test of my discipline, all right. And so was stopping at just one glass of IBIPA, even though I was really stoked about it.
I hope to put up 1990 through 2008 soon but the age of the internet makes those years a bit easier to find. I hope some young Track Athletes in El Paso can look back at these marks and find inspiration to top them.
We drove about thirty miles before the thing coughed, coughed, chugged and stopped. You can imagine the sinking stomach I had, wondering what the hell I'd done to deserve this miserable fate. It turned out that the previous driver had not filled the tank after her run even though she'd driven at least 180 miles...because the gas gauge showed full. This in a car that (at best) gets about 15 miles per gallon. She apparently thought the damn thing ran on air that night.
As I mentioned in the post on the "Days of Awe," it is striking that the reading from Isaiah for the fast day of Yom Kippur provocatively questions the meaning of such outward piety in the absence of equal obedience to the commandment to do social justice:
Think of the whole idea of the church, to stop people from sinning. Sin is not a very good thing to do, and without it we would all live sinful lives. It also seems that a lot of very enjoyable things in life are sinful. Adultery, being proud, blasphemy and over-indulgence are all considered sins. So it also follows that if heaven is a sinless place, then there would be a lot of things that you would miss out on. Hell would be a place with all of these things still included. So a place which is sinless might not be all that much of a hoot.
I’ve worked in a few different places and had a few, significantly, different jobs. I worked as a bookseller & barista with a 50/50 male to female staff, as a mechanic with a 70/30 staff, and as a receptionist with a 30/70 staff. And let me tell you where it was the most comfortable: with the boys. At the shop where I was a mechanic things were chill. The guys just hung around and joked all day, they never gossiped (and if they did it was about who broke the welder), and they never, ever, called a girl anything but a girl. They didn’t make snide remarks and they didn’t pretend to like each other when they didn’t. Whereas, when I worked as a receptionist you heard insults all the time. Girls were always talking about each other, gossiping, and basically bad-mouthing everyone they knew. If you want to know who’s slept with who you always go to the girls. Guys don’t talk about that shit unless they’re bragging, and even then, they don’t use names. Why do you think it takes a guy forever to learn who a girl’s exes are? Maybe the girls didn’t realize that by talking shit they looked bad, that it was bad for morale, and that people could overhear them; but I think they more likely got off on it. It’s almost like every mean word, correction, or remark about someone else was a way to make themselves look and feel better. Like they had to tear everyone else down to feel like a “woman.” And I hated it. I don’t know why they were like this, they made more than the mechanics I worked with, but I have to assume it’s because somewhere, along the line, they were raised to be mean girls.
I remember a time when I felt deep sorrow, the only thing that made me feel better was picking up a good book on the very topic that ailed me. It was if the words reaffirmed I had done everything I could.
juxtapositions of dissonance against consonance in an
The Score
Department of Justice - Public Prosecution Division
Nonetheless, the images that go with the messages may not necessarily connect, but they do appeal to the various senses of a tourist. Youthful and vibrant as the images and tags are, the campaign reaches the target tourism market so well, expanding from its regular market of retirees and elderly to the hip and preppy generation. It does invite also the locals to experience the fun in thier own country.
8. New Biography
- Tommy McCook: saxophone tenor
Beat together egg whites, cream of tartar and salt. Beat until foamy
However, I have never made anything like these. Not only that, I have never eaten one either. They always look incredibly fiddly to make and I have immense admiration for anyone who does make them. They’re on my bucket list for a day when I’m feeling brave and frivolous.
Stephen has never been on an airplane for more than a couple of hours..
- Has it become damaging for me to continue on in my pursuit of this? (i.e. is it causing me unneeded stress, worry, grief, etc?)
And I sold my Zombie Bride the other day. Her dress was an absolute one of a kind so I thought I'd never be able to make another one like her. But I made a new wedding dress from scratch, I'm kind of proud of it.
For the first year in 5 years - I had a good Thanksgiving. No earth-shattering news/happenings in the month of November, so I finally felt like I could breath after dinner. Now, Christmas on the other hand - that sucked.
2. When you walk by the way; As you are up and walking around looking at this great land and all the enemies that were defeated that were great and mightier than you what more would there be to talk about? Thankfulness comes to mind.
Itching may occur if the infected people becomes susceptible to antigenic constituents of saliva that lice inject simultaneously supply your head. After feeding the insects generally live in an ambush near the hair until you get hungry again. Then you can in addition pick home remedies such as olive oil, alone or in combination with essential oils, or vinegar. Head lice are becoming harder to destroy. You will feel something itchy on your head now and then.
Wergeland E, Strand K. Working conditions and prevalence of pre-eclampsia, Norway 1989. Int J Gynaecol Obstet 1997; 58: 189-196.
Craft improvements aside for the moment, I gotta say, it was nice to be back inside the mind of Frank Trigg. At times Frank's mind can be a pretty strange, horny and awkward place, but most times it isn't that different than being inside my own. Sure, he'll make you cringe with some of his naughty thoughts, the worst of which pop up at the most inopportune times, but Frank is a pretty lovable guy, with a big heart, and after some of the events that unfold in At the Gates I'm very interested to see where his character arc goes from here on out.
Isaiah 61:1-4, 7 (NIV)
Hist with croak, and bark with howl,
Shops and restaurants will also be offering discounts to visitors who present the Be a Local Tourist flyer, which you can collect at the Eltham Centre in Archery Road or any of the open-house venues:
If African-Americans and Hispanics were removed from Chicago, 95 percent of violent crime in Chicago would disappear along with them.
Princeton University
In between this time I meet hubby. We dated four short months before he proposed. It honestly was love at first sight. We also discovered that having children might be difficult because after suffering for years I was finally diagnosed with endometriosis, which meant my fallopian tubes had a build of up scar tissue. I had surgery at the age of 25 and was told to start trying to have children immediately. We did just that thinking it would take years but we were blessed and nine months later our first son was
Concepta also gave me a very detailed map of the section of Co Cavan where my Brady and Coyle ancestors lived. She highlighted the areas where they could be found over the years. This included churches they attended. She also gave us a modern day, local map and showed us how the two maps overlapped so we could leave the library, take N55 onto R154 to Killinaleck and find our way from there. My daughter will agree that my navigating skills are not the equal of her driving skills but we thanked Concepta for her research time and results and were soon back in the little
Now, Jimmy Falon is funny, so if I make the mistake of not turning off the television early on, I’m sucked into his silliness. But I’ll pull out the computer, check email and some online news sources, more winding down, then I get to the work itself.
Somebody – the writer of this article – said jokingly, “And the heroic Danish Police is marching in the front line of the popular demonstration in solidarity with the diverse people of Denmark“.
Police received a 911 call about a gunshot and possible suicide at Seau’s Oceanside, Calif., residence around 10 a.m. PT, a dispatcher told the San Diego Union-Tribune. That publication too had confirmation of Seau’s death.
The Case of the Overprotective Ass: Stars of the silver screen Alasdair Hamilton and Toby Bowe are wowing the post WWII audiences with their depictions of Holmes and Watson. When they are asked by a friend to investigate a mysterious disappearance, they jump at the chance—surely detection can’t be that hard? But a series of threatening letters—and an unwanted suitor—make real life very different from the movies.
I love in Calgary , Ab and when Falls starts here it's kind of depressing. Depressing because I know that for a few weeks the trees will look radiant, then they'll lose their leaves and the cold and snow will start. I'm a Northern California girl, born and raised. Five to six months of winter is not something I'll EVER get used to. Yes I've lived here for eleven and a half years, but I still miss having a real Fall. A Fall that lasts for a couple months, not a couple weeks. This time of year always has me missing home.
Length/Playtime
the best joke came from:
Getting back to the bastard motif, the opportunities for Carla to vocalize bastard-based zingers seemed to diminish the deeper she waded into the vengeance pool. Besides, what are you supposed to say after you cut a mechanic in half with the jeep he's working on, push a man into an industrial-strength ice maker, and ventilate a man's forehead with a shotgun? I mean, "subdural hematoma, bastard" is a bit of a mouthful.
The whole crew with almost everyone with their eyes open-have a lot of "blinkers" in our family ;)
Today saw two minor developments in the continuing saga. First I got a CT scan, this time without the contrast dye that they usually IV into me. The last time they did this they were concerned because I sneezed when I was about to leave and they made me sit around in my johnny shirt for an extra 20 minutes, presumably to see if I would catch pneumonia. Apparently sneezing can be a sign of an allergic reaction to the dye and since this can get fairly fatal they take it pretty seriously. When I mentioned this to Dr. D she said she would get my future CT scans done without the dye and so it has proved to be. The whole exercise is very short, now that they don’t have to muck about with the IV. My next appointment with Dr. D is on the 11th by which time I expect the results to be in. There does not seem to be any reason to worry.
Gipiemme seatpost (27.2mm).
Tricia from Lil Miss Crafty Pants has been kind enough to offer 1 lucky winner a Large Fleece Soaker/Diaper Cover in their choice of print! You will get to chose boy, girl, or gender neutral. Thank you so much Tricia for all your help and kindness in helping to celebrate Baby K's 1st Birthday1!!
I have noticed that I have had a change in scents that I prefer since my chemo treatment, and the scents that used to be my signature scents now seem not quite right to me. The scent hasn’t changed, just how I perceive them.
I closed the book to take another look at the cover, make sure I was reading the book I thought I was reading, and then went back to that last sentence. This is what I’ve been waiting for from the Orange Prize, I thought. In fact, it’s what I’m always waiting for in a novel—a tiny insight that makes you say yes, that’s exactly what it’s like.
Je cuisine
No matter what he does in any film, Lee always knows how to make everything pretty. He uses a lot of different lenses that add this dirty and gritty feel but he’s also able to change it up at any moment and place us in a different time and place. Once again, Lee is just playing around with his certain camera tricks and is seeing what he can and can not do, but it still works all of the same and makes Lee the wonder he is usually known as. Well, that is when it comes to his art-direction.
Rich died Tuesday at her Santa Cruz home from complications from rheumatoid arthritis, said her son, Pablo Conrad. She had lived in Santa Cruz since the 1980s.
12:24 Thursday 5 April 2012 Nunhead
Early on, I decided that my overriding goal would be to improve, to keep pushing myself. That’s why I write across genres and formats. That’s why I write humor and horror and romance and suspense. That’s why I write across age and race and region and gender and species.
Am I engaging in false hysteria? Not every movie has a strong lead character. A lot of movies are about weakness or mediocrity or foolishness. In fact, the top romantic comedies in the Rotten Tomatoes list I spoke of in the earlier post are often about inadequate men. So, maybe it’s just the nature of the comedy beast.
I recently went to my doctor for my annual exam. This is a new family doctor for me and I really like her. I had intentions of seeing one of the other physicians in the office, but they were not accepting patients. It all turned out for the best though. She listens to me. She understands that I know my own body. When something isn’t right, I know and she listens. It also isn’t necessary for me to arrange an office visit every time I need something or have a problem. Sometimes I can call and she will write the prescription for me or she will return my call and discuss my issue with me over the phone. She calls and reports to me any test results as well. I really like her.
Salvatore B. Calabro, 38, New York, N.Y.
We will be open at 11am, all releases are one per person and on a first come first serve basis.
Heavens, I did not mean to be away so long. A couple of projects kept me before we left and then I tried to unplug as much as possible while we were gone. My apologies to Iris and anyone who noticed my absence and was concerned. All is well, if somewhat messy and unorganized. I should be back on track next week.
Fareda: What did you do that for?
Here we are back in the office after 2 weeks off for the wedding! I must admit it is hard to slide back into work after having so much fun! I know many of you over on Facebook and Twitter have been asking for pictures and I promise to share as soon as I receive them. Believe me, we are waiting on pins and needles to see the professional shots too!
as index finger rests
Once he was in Mexico a mob saw him, but since he had a burrito they decided to give him a sombrero instead of being hostile to him. Then he ended up on a boat (ok, so I told this story awhile ago. I don’t remember WHY he got on the boat.). While in the boat he dropped his burrito overboard. When he didn’t have his burrito anymore, the mob became hostile again and through Mark off the boat. In the process Mark cut himself on a sharp piece of metal protruding from the side of the ship. Because of the cut, he was eaten by a shark when he fell into the Gulf of Mexico.
Sitting on the shelf!
Health; we all take it for granted until we no longer have it. I’m on this band wagon myself right now, since William and I both have been passing some sort of bug back and forth for almost a month now. So, how are we using the Law of Attraction for health? Well, let me preface this with, the Law of Attraction needs help. You can’t sit and think healthy thoughts and expect to recover from illness or even stay healthy. This is probably the simplest example of how Law of Attraction works. To be and stay healthy, you have to act healthy. What is acting healthy? Eating the right amounts of the right foods, a.k.a balanced diet. You can’t eat sweet rolls for breakfast, a candy bar for lunch and then ice cream and cake for dinner, then wonder why your stomach doesn’t feel right, your bathroom routine is non existent and your face is swollen. At the same time, don’t eat raw vegetables three times a day either. This will have the exact opposite affect on your bathroom routine and your face will still be swollen and you’ll probably have stomach cramps. Eat small portions of foods from each food group (and no wine and chocolate donuts are not food groups, if they were, I’d be very happy!). I also advocate eating dessert maybe twice a week. Or if you’re one of those people who just isn’t satisfied until you’ve had a bite or two of sweetness, then eat just one or two bites of something sweet. William keeps a bowl of candy on the kitchen table. Usually something like jelly beans, skittles, Hershey’s kisses, etc. So after eating he can grab a few pieces to quell that sweet craving.
I liked it the first few times I wore it. It's lightweight and easy to blend in. At first, it will look white on your face but once you start to oil up, it will look invisible.
Later reports of the incident were less certain that Vaux’s death had been a suicide, and the exact circumstances of his death remain unclear to this day. At 70 years old, a fatal slip was certainly possible, and his son C. Bowyer believed it to be an accident, according to a New York Times report.
Instead, Bournemouth's long sandy beach was bathed in sunshine and the mercury hit 2C (???), making it the hottest day of the year so far. Tourism chiefs believe Bournemouth missed out on 25,000 extra visitors who would have all spent an average of £41 for the day. "
There is also the fact that what you write one day will never be the same thing you will write about the next day. Our perceptions about the meaning of life, or whatever, are constantly changing. Knowing this, I think, is why I’m such a fanatic journal keeper.
Hello! I'm back from a long weekend in DC, visiting my brother and his girlfriend. I'm really excited to announce that my master bedroom was featured in the brand new House of Fifty magazine! The Fall issue is out today, and it is really fantastic - lots of color and pattern, which is my favorite. Please go here to check out the whole issue, and my room is on page 15.
x2 metres of Navy Blue/White Polka Dot remnant pieces.
Juba for my Ma, Juba for my Pa., Juba for my brother-in-law.
No, no one is saying that.
I have been looking at this issue for a while and have been trying to find a way around it. This is easy for me to accomplish because I live on a farm very far from the city. I can raise cattle, chickens, pigs, or really anything that strikes my fancy and isn’t restricted by law. Obviously, my first thought was to buy a bull and couple of heifers and raise cattle because they’re big and they’d be able to feed me and my family for a long time.
Well, as the saying goes, better late than NEVER! Ugh. I won't even go into the problems I am having with Blogger. I really feel terrible about letting the team down. Soooo sorry ladies! But it is still Wednesday here in Oregon. So I kinda made the deadline... Sorta.
The Bushwick Observer, a newspaper founded in 1995 and published by the Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council, receives about $70,000 a year in state funding for its budget — not including revenue received from ad sales.
Beyond these, the one true living God is called by over eighty other compound names or descriptive titles; names that have real meaning and insight as to His very nature. Names that will teach us not only of God, Almighty, but of how to serve Him and worship Him.
4) The Morris Weiss years
We opted to take a few pictures and get back on the road to Cheddar.
2. OS Compatibility: A Waiting Game
Her mother straightened her posture some and said, “My, what’s gotten into you?”
There is just too much going on around me and I cannot concentrate in any of my work spaces, so I run away to write and draw each book. I need to ask for a larger advance! Or maybe the Beachmere would give me a free room if I put "This book was set in Rockwell type, and designed on a king-size bed at The Beachmere in Ogunquit, Maine." in the book.
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to place myself above rapists, thinking that they should control themselves, because I can, and that their urges should be controlled, but that mine can run loose.
But Spring knocks and so have my friends and as I peer out into the joyful light of the sun I suddenly feel the urge to come out and play again.
I can think of one time when a father didn’t intervene to help his son when he was being horribly abused. His body was pummeled, tortured and abused even more than Ron Jr.’s had been during the grizzly attack. But in this other story, the father remained silent. Finally, the son broke out with a cry, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me.”
TIP: For those visiting Valley of Fire State Park, check out the Lost City Museum in nearby Overton. The museum is open Wednesday-Sundays and is one of my favorite small museums in the world.
Here I am, finally!
He has written for a wide variety of magazines, including Cosmopolitan, Reader’s Digest, and the Boston Globe Sunday Magazine, and has been a Sunday columnist for Gannett’s Burlington Free Press since 1992. Chris graduated from Amherst College, and lives in Vermont with his wife and daughter.
I won't go into all the details at this time, but just let me say that I hope I don't ever have to go through another week like this last one! EVER!
Also, I’d like to note that while the White Castle sliders and cheeseburgers were not meant to be a part of the competition, they did top all of our lists, hands down. “Eating White Castle is like eating a tumor,” said Shannon. “But it’s delicious.”
$100,000 ($500,000 in the case of a corporation), or imprisoned not
"Everything beckons to us to perceive it," says Rilke — EVERYTHING — and I take his counsel seriously. In my daily journeys, I do my best to observe not only the larger forms that dominate the landscape, but also the smaller fragments that either make up or adorn these forms. I try to look beyond the obvious, to see the overlooked and forgotten. I try to "see beyond what is seen," for lack of a better expression, and to become intimate with everything, including the lost, the fallen, and the degraded. Above all, I resist the temptation to ignore things that are not easily identifiable. In my experience, true beauty seldom lends itself to names, labels, or classifications.
I mean, yes, if she told me my ass looked like the cheesy side of Mars when I still had two games to go, 48 more times bending over at the foul line, it would have thrown me. There’s a timing issue involved.
Tater Tot got his comb-through yesterday but that didn't stop him from demanding a little more today after seeing Sissy get it. Jessie Lee got combed upon arrival a few weeks ago and so far so good with her. Not too much shedding there yet.
I’ve finally figured it out: after months of trying to get any McCain supporters to tell me why they are voting for them without simply telling me everything wrong with Obama, it is time to state the obvious. We have a large segment of people who are so afraid of a change, no matter how dire the economic and political realities appear, that they will desperately believe all the fear-mongering and hate-spewing being thrown out. They are not the only ones voting for McCain, but they make up the largest bloc along with the Christian Conservatives.
14 Later Jesus appeared to the Eleven as they were eating; he rebuked them for their lack of faith and their stubborn refusal to re-post Mary's status.
6. I am excited about life again. I feel like I am standing at the beginning of something amazing. Family-wise, church-wise, career-wise. Life is sweet. Incredibly so. I am hearing God's voice more clearly. He is challenging me in ways I don't want to be challenged and yet every time I obey Him, He opens up the next door and pours out His blessings. Sorry non-Christians. You probably think I'm moggy. But it's astounding and I'm grateful and stunned.
The finishing touches I added to wrap up this card were glitter to all the flowers so they sparkled. Just wouldn't be complete without glitter :) I added a white flourish and then added white paint dot spirals in the corners for added detail.
i swear, every time i looked at him those first few days, i teared up.
Martian Hop....Randells
. . . even though God’s handwork gives them all the proof they need that He exists. They lie to themselves and it results in lives of debauchery and licentiousness. Liar, liar, souls on fire.
There is an old proverb that says that God gave us two ears and one mouth for a reason; Listen twice as much as you speak. This goes to listening to your inner self as well. If you are always berating yourself and never just taking the time to listen in silence, then you are not giving the Universe an opportunity to speak.
c u l8r
These things are SO SIMPLE. And everyone's body chemistry is surely a bit different, so who knows if this would work for everyone. But I will say that regardless of the weight lost, I'm thinking this is probably a fairly healthy way to live. And more importantly that in addition to being thinner, I also just FEEL better - much happier and more energetic all day long.
From the reptile store we hopped on a bus down to Jackson Square to hit the Farmer's Market for some lunch. We feasted on chicken-and-vegetable samosas and jalaybee (also spelled jalebi), as well as M&M chocolate chip cookies. It was the first time the boys tried jalaybee; Noah didn't like it but Nathan enjoyed his first taste enough to ask for more. I find it extremely sweet, although that's not necessarily a bad thing after a spicy samosa!
When my advanced pdf of Goodman Games DCC RPG arrives in my email, I'll be happy to set up another Barrowmaze group under that ruleset.
Boris Johnson wants anyone convicted of alcohol-related violence to stay out of prison as long as they attend a police station twice a day to take a £1 breathalyser test and prove they are sober.
To further prove my fandom, below are some photos I took.
1/4 cup sweet rice flour
after Blue I, II, III by Joan Miró
"I dreamt we got more pets."
So sorry guys – I wrote this late last night and forgot to hit “publish”!
Daniel’s green eyes rolled. “If you can manage it without fainting, help them get their stuff moved into their space, and I’ll go pick up some sandwiches or something.” ~
He's a magic man." yeah ... oh ...
Yes, yes, I know. Some people might class all this as simply the inevitable result of Bad Timekeeping. Those of us who have had meetings with Occupational Health, however, know that these are an important part of the rehabilitation process. My phased return aims to Reestablish Working Patterns.
5. I have been painting the bedroom a robin's egg blue. There is one small area left to finish this morning.
Having not danced in several months, however, I decided to attend the half hour lesson before the dance began, where I quickly made an easy spin into a game of Twister. Luckily, one of the instructors was on it, telling me to just walk forward. Really. I even learned a move that I hadn’t learned before, so it was a good lesson, especially since I hadn’t practiced the other basic moves in a while, which work best when the music isn’t that fast.
One of the few things lately, that has made life enjoyable for me. I'm pissed. When the manager walked by and I showed him the damage, the man closed his inner door. I didn't get to tell the manager my suspicions as he was holding heavy bags of groceries and was in a hurry to get inside. More circumstantial evidence is, when that man let the kitten out this morning and it ran for planter, he came and got it.
I've received two invitations for exhibitions later in the year, one in June and one in September. In some ways I'm a little hesitant in taking up the challenge again, since the last three weren't all that succesful financially and I lost a modest amount in the process. On the other hand I've gained a lot of experience and some valuable insights which I may want to use in a next exhibition, but I'll need to think things through for a while. I've still got some time before I need to make definite decisions, useful but somewhat unsettling unfortunately.
Messe Noir 7" (Reaper Records)
I’m impressed at how coherent most of the responses were. I know I was practically frothing at the mouth and it was evident that many others were as well. But we kept it together and presented civil feedback. Most of the devs’ responses had to do with “work in progress” and “expected redesign of Holy Nova, we just don’t know how yet.”
I left Sharon to watch the grand prix on iplayer and headed for the pub. Frankly I was half way drunk before I got here, so the two pints I'm planning to have will find me either fully drunk at home or in a ditch halfway there.
Really, I shouldn’t do work in bed. But sometimes it’s the most comfortable to put your feet up…besides which I turned my bed so that my chair doesn’t fit under my desk because the end of my bed is there so I’m kind of always doing work in bed aren’t I?
Twitter: @ottawasunkroche
#Occupy represents a new development in the globalisation of struggle. It facilitates links between the nations that face the tyranny of the austerity regime and the urban poor who made the Arab revolutions. It amplifies the global silent. Made possible, of course, by technological revolutions – the emergence of non-hierarchical online, globalised networks has, as such, facilitated the emergence of non-hierarchical protest globally.
Having a male narrator in the form of nineteen year old Jackson, is a refreshing change. I enjoyed seeing and hearing about things from a male perspective and he makes a fantastic central character who I really loved by the end of the book. His sole purpose in 'Tempest' is to ensure the safety of his girlfriend Holly and he's willing to do literally anything to protect her. Jackson and Holly are both only nineteen but they have a very mature and grown-up relationship and are secure in their feelings for each other. There are some incredibly romantic and sizzling moments between them and I was rooting for them all the way. I loved Jackson's completely unswerving devotion and loyalty to Holly and the sacrifices he makes for her are admirable. They're definitely my new favourite book couple!
A quick scan of the beer reviews I did last year showed about only 20% were Welsh beers.
~Notice when you feel the perfectaholic urge to spend far too much time “fixing” or “noodling” on something when you really should move onto something else. Try moving on sooner than you would otherwise do, and notice how in a few short days it didn’t really matter after all.
Intelligences: The state of spirits before their spirit birth. Although no church leader knows what intelligences are, they have existed forever and are coeternal with God.
1. Good Design is Innovative
A woman came out of a dark room. It was Ms. Valentini, the incredibly nice, fragile, brunet secretary at school. She wore a tight green dress that complemented her body in every demeaning way. This would explain the black eye she had at the fundraiser, and the busted lip at the annual banquet. Principal Sal was known for his temper.
So that's it for today. I will have another post on Monday for the Hippity Hop. See you then!
10:00AM - Both the refrigerator repairman and insulation contractor show up at the same time (what are the odds). So I talk to the refrigerator guy first and get him started on his troubleshooting. Then I talk and walk through the project with the insulation guys (2 guys). They say they're going to be done by 2:00PM because the foreman needs to pick up his kid from school - perfect, I may be able to make meeting with The Pudge's principal.
Number 2, 85 minute runtime. Keep in mind that this is a movie that encompasses three vastly different time periods hundreds of years apart, and the film is supposed to tell the story of how Pinhead actually dies once and for all as well as how that evil puzzle box was actually created in the first place. And it’s supposed to do that in 85 DAMN MINUTES?! How is that supposed to contain such an epic story? The only possible conclusion is that the movie is REALLY gonna suck or it’s REALLY gonna be a damn wonder of a film by someone clearly gifted beyond human conception. And if you can’t guess which one of those THIS PILE OF FELCH is, I suggest you watch the film, because you’re probably its intended audience…
And they never felt the wrath.
I lay in an NHS hospital bed and cried with the pain and the upset and the anxiety and just the not knowing what the hell was wrong with me.
Two years were enough for me to be embroiled in this fascinating womans world,she showed me lots,but in the end it began to take on a dark path of tis own , and I then knew it was not the path for me..it showed me lots of dark truths and promised me power of epic proportions. It was at that point I saw also the truth was interlaced with a twisted darkness and from that moment on I had to get out…I have not seen Susan since.
Back to outfit posts.
So I love to read. I mean I have a degree in English with a minor in history, so I would have to love to read. So, today I’m going to talk about the books I’ve read recently. I haven’t done this before but I’ll try to start doing it more often.
Of course, all of this applies in politics too. And people take it seriously!
So my shelf-filler choice was a shoebox.
I didn't have to wear a false moustache and a hat pulled well down over my face in order to get into Monday's forum. No, I was invited - AFTER I told the press office that I was writing a piece for Anne's website.
I know sometimes I may not be the easiest person to get along with, and so that’s why I made the decision to tell her right away that I was angry. I explained why I was angry and I decided to give myself a time limit to stay angry and then move on.
My friend Liz implored me to try to return the shoes. I resisted—I didn't have the receipt or packaging, and not only had I worn the shoes, but I'd (ahem) scuffed them up a bit in the two weeks I wore them before sending them into retirement.
Born in South Salem in 1919, Bennett served as a major in the Pacific during World War II, painting the scenes he saw whilst fighting (he also suffered a broken back). He studied fine art at the Institute of Chicago and graphics at the American Academy of Art, and did advertising work for Pepsi and Buick before switching to book covers. But beyond his commercial career, Bennett was becoming an accomplished and respected painter. In 2008 the RiverSea Gallery in Astoria, Oregon held a restrospective exhibition of Bennett's paintings, to act as a farewell to the local artist, who was moving to the east coast. Follow that link and you'll find a few fine examples of his work, along with a profile which reveals that when Bennett arrived in Oregon in 1986 he experienced something of an artistic epiphany, over the next two decades painting hundreds of pictures of the people and places from the local area.
BOSS
9 Message To Michael
My mom has been ill, and is now in the hospital. For the last 3 years, in addition to caring for our families, my sisters and I have been taking care of the lady who brought us into the world...
Well actually, I'll start with booze, since you know, Cinco de Mayo is right around the corner, and that calls for boozin' like you get paid to do it. I couldn't think of a name for this drink, but after some delightful Facebook suggestions, I came up with "The Hunt for Red Hot Summer".
“So, you liked his arms, huh? I’m sure he’s on the juice.” I said while throwing in an accusing look for good measure.
In any case, the point is: I'm having a paperback contest. Those of you interested in receiving a signed copy of the paperback should leave, in the comment box, your definition of what dance is. Two winners will be selected from among the participants, and the two winning definitions will be featured on my blog.
free, authentic life for all of their years!!
Until then.
A few hints that might make this easier for you:
or yips or yaps.
I got an email a few days back from a chap that was obviously hawking something. I usually bin off such stuff unless they are offering me free beer in which case I wholeheartedly express my support and enthusiasm for their endeavour. For the record the chap was hawking the following tat here. It’s only worth looking at for the couple of pretty girls and the menu “getting good head” which made me snigger, at least. I like the puerile end of comedy.
Clever Hans was a horse that wowed audiences in late 19th century Germany, by tapping out the answers to some really easy maths problems. Someone would ask the horse, say, “What’s three plus two?” and he would tap his hoof five times. I mean, I’ve seen four-year-old humans solving quadratic equations, but whatever.
Ok, I killed enough time before meeting my friend at his office. He invited me to a meet and greet lunch at the swank Nashville City Club. Well, it’s swank if you consider early 70s decor to be swank. It is a private dinner club in a Nashville penthouse and has been the location of a lot of moving and shaking for decades. However, I get the feeling that it is struggling to maintain its grandeur.
First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out.
shouted out with glee,
I floated the name to my group of literary friends. The graphic artist of the bunch drew up some curvy letters and we were hooked. I ordered the marine grade vinyl decals the next day, and my boat name was ready for application by the end of the week.
My cream filling recipe is one my mom always used and it is a basic one that can produce many different flavors. I am making a coconut one today for DH. His favorite pie.
1 street
Face Bullying With Confidence
this is from her momma...
On Thursday April 22nd, from 4:30 to 6pm, one of the biggest rock stars of the craft beer world will be hanging out at CBX to meet beer enthusiasts and sign bottles/growlers along with his book "Brewing Up A Business" which will be available at CBX for a discounted price! Sam Calagione is the Founder and President of Dogfish Head Craft Brewed Ales as well as a highly acclaimed craft beer author and media presence. Our growler station will be loaded with Dogfish Head beers for Sam to offer up his unique specialties and talk shop about his creations. We'll have some Dogfish goodies to giveaway too! See you there!
What with the 12 noon start and the constant wandering we were flagging by the time the doors were opened to the public at five. We thought that was a good time to call it a day. It wasn't though as were were soon suffering the stifling, crowed commuter train home. We'll just have to stay later next year.
“You’re all alone?” the lieutenant glanced around the tent.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
I love the practical nature of this passage. I can actually replace WORRYING with SEEKING! Worry might be natural. But, the lack of worry is super-natural. It is possible with God. Seeking is to be "continually absorbed in searching for something; making a strenuous effort to obtain something". I can do the worry dance or seek Him to care for me. Unproductive vs. Productive. Unlike breathing, both take effort and thought and time. Why not choose the better thing?
You can find the product numbers of the chippies you are interested in by checking out the 2Crafty's website. 2Crafty chippies can be ordered easy peasy from sweet Di Garling just by sending her an email. She accepts settlement by PayPal and international orders are shipped really swiftly by this amazing lady!
Something similar and equally interesting has happened now that Kel and I are dog owners. We do not have a public park nearby to take Ike to, but when we bring him with us on errands, people want to come over and meet him (it doesn't seem to matter that Ike really isn't interested in meeting them). Saying hello to Ike is an introduction to us and usually the segue into a long conversation.
In other news, we're still having odd winter weather. We seem to hover around 3-5 inches of snow. It doesn't seem to snow much when it does and then it starts melting within a couple days. We have really cold weather (last night it was in the -20C range) and then a couple days later it will warm up again. We have a crazy amount of ice between our house and the neighbours. Between our dryer vent and their eaves draining, there's a lot of melting/freezing going on.
On the occasions that we do see each other, Honey will usually travel to me, we'll plug in a couple of guitars and without even speaking we'll 'jam', for want of a better word, for hours at a time. Even though much of that stuff never makes it to tape, it can be magical. As I say, I'm no musician, but Honey is about the only person I can feel comfortable enough with to pretend I am one. She is very generous in that respect and seems to enjoy those moments as much as I do.
Hicky from Shuffle (Melbourne / Japan)
Living in God’s presence under the shelter of His provision and protection is a result of submission to Him and obeying His voice because we love Him and choose to live for Him rather than for ourselves. As we choose to live in this place of abundant life in Christ, when we call out to God, He comes to us, saves us, delivers us, protects us, guards us, answers us, rescues us, honors and satisfies us (Psalm 91:14-16). Now that’s abundant life! A place where our prayers meet God’s provision and protection. I hope you’ll read and internalize this powerful Psalm.
First of all, someone remind me to up the Razor Hill education budget next year, before we get another generation of peons grimlocking their way through writing a letter.
*The Turducken was a slice of “deli meat” with Turkey/Duck/Chicken “Meat Glued” together. Note the dark line down the middle is the duck.
Eventually the Doctor discovered the heart of the ship where the Smilers and their controllers were torturing the Whale with electric shocks to keep it moving and faced the impossible situation. Angered that he would now have to sacrifice the life of an innocent and one of a kind being to save billions the Doctor was prepared to labotamise the Space Whale so it would no longer feel pain from the torture. Amy however noticed the Whale's neural tendrils affectionately playing with the children who the whale always refused to eat when they were sent down below. Remembering the Doctor's lesson about always observing she quickly put the pieces together and ran over to the control system to press the "Abdicate" button freeing the Whale. The ship however did not explode has was originally feared but instead started to move faster "Well now that the pilot's not being tortured" Amy explained have deduced that the Whale had come willingly and was still willing to help the people of Great Britain. (From The Beast Below, 2010) via
Quick Take: Kirkham places Austen and her novels in the context of Enlightenment Feminism and argues for Austen’s feminist credentials.
There was a beautiful girl who had a much broken mirror and considered herself very ugly. She hid her face from public view behind a veil.
Spring’s cherry blossom, feathered tulips and yellow forsythia have made way for oversized gladioli, irises and bright, showy rhododendron. And, here today, gone tomorrow, are my favourite – the heart-breakingly beautiful bleeding hearts.
Satan is very close to his goal. And that brings up the whole issue if it is possible to actually clone a beer. Can I--as a mediocre homebrewer with improvised equipment, a different procedure and different grains--actually clone a beer? As much as I like The Jamil Show on the the brewing network, I have to say no. I might get close. Very close, in fact. But it won't be the same beer.
The heightened focus on psychedelics can be attributed to contemporary research which validates the therapeutic benefits of administering psychedelic drugs in unison with psychotherapy, when other conventional treatments fail. Further support of psychedelics has been garnered because of transparency and applied ethical standards to the research methods being used.
Religion is about devotion. Reverence. Worship. Religion can morph into a series of moral checks and the like, but to keep it simple, religion is about these basic concepts. It’s about belief and faith. As a polytheist, my religion is also about the gods.
LINK UP YOUR $10 CRAFT OR RECIPE! Please play fair and copy the Ten Buck Tuesday button to your blog when you link up! The link-up will be open until next Monday at 11:59pm (EST)! No shops or main pages; please link up the specific post of your project.
I stake my life on this claim. Why? Because Jesus staked His life on it! When He
Social media case studies are incredibly valuable IF you can learn how and why social media worked in that particular instance, and apply that lesson to your own efforts. Otherwise you'll always be chasing the 'next big thing', and never quite catch it.
ID
Back in June, I entered the pitch for my book in a contest and won. I was shocked and elated!
APRON STRINGS DESIGNS
Garry Hornby, University of Canterbury, New Zealand.
512-406-1157 cell
- JMD Pratza by kanu Mangotra in the food space
a pebble
Through solitude, our spirit, soul, and body are refreshed and nourished, but then we must return to the world and the company of others. Like Jesus, we must come down from the mountain and feed the crowds. We must do the good work. We must demonstrate our love for God and for others in tangible ways. We must be the salt of the earth. We must let our light shine.
What's left to do? There's an important subplot that I've only hinted at in this rough draft, a couple of relationships not explored, and two characters who don't do much except service the main storyline at present. I'm hoping to strengthen these elements in the script today to truly 'complete' this rough for the end of April.
you may be any of the above. or if you feel as though you are something else, do tell me! I'm open to them all.
O’REILLY FW, STEVENS AB. Sickness absence due to influenza. Occup Med 2002; 52: 265-269.
Sharing rooms is also a productions trick to save money. when your on location with the same people all day the last thing you want is to be stuck with them all night, often with runners you will never have met the other runner you are sharing with either. This is a nightmare, do they snore? Will they hog the bathroom? Will they be tidy? On one production they decided to stick the runners in their own cottage, two girls and three boys all sharing one working shower that was located in the girls room. Hideous. Having boys wondering into your room in the morning to shower and leaving bits of themselves in there. Disgusting. But this was luxury compared to my next accommodation.
Maybe I even wanted to feel some secret excitement as beautiful strangers wandered in and out of the cafe, possibly noticing what book I was holding. Ooh, she's being naughty, reading erotica...YES!YES!YES!.. I was okay with that. And so I read on. It'll kick in and I'll become really engaged, I thought. Hmm... just a couple more paragraphs. Waiting...
The woodland was next. I could see eyes following me through the trees, the local bear population gets hungry at this time of night so I always carry a few raw steaks with me in case they try anything funny. The eyes just turned out to be Boris though, he's a local legend around here. Even the kids get on with Boris the bear. He happily wolfed down the steak and we said our farewells.
I could never participate in any discussion about free speech that did not allow such a self-contradictory premise to be challenged. For one thing, I do not regard freedom of speech as an end in itself, but merely as a means towards the end of permitting people to be fully accountable for their own opinions. This means that I am not opposed to entertaining arguments over the possibility of any better mechanism to allow people total responsibility for their own beliefs. Also, if freedom of speech is really to be an axiom, then it absolutely must include freedom to advocate the end of free speech, if only to develop the countervailing argument.
10 re
Tell potential suitor that you...
