Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
« I want a large cherry berry chiller .»
What the word of the day?
Im stupid fuckin' poor(damn near homeless) but I stay clean though
"Renegade" makes me want to get a fast car.
#TheSkipTebowLebronMovie The Rat Pack Animal House of Over/under achievers while drinkin' Hate Juice in all 'hoods'
The only person who you should be fully committed to is yourself.
Seriously?? Turgeon ejected?? Ugh come on Terps are you serious??
no Jazz Fest for me alas. will be thinking of you !!!
RT : Damn girl, you've got a Mubarak. (an ass that won't quit)
I can get my uncle to make some custom baby gators.
Did you move back into your tree house?
There is nothing more entertaining than reading tweets that were meant to be embarrassing text messages.
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Wishing the best of luck on her trip to Fiji tomorrow. :)
cheap mixed margarita lol
RT : Nine #Brewers games at Miller Park in nine days! How many games will you attend?! I'll be at all nine.
We are not integrated with any referral platforms today, sorry!
I just wanna live while I'm alive
The monthly LOVIEE will be posted no later than Sunday night. Still recovering from a wild night...
i think Monta is a good player but he definitely has his faults both him and Martin play little defense
that was a good part. I rewatched that several times.
Looking for local Oklahoma City artists of all kinds to submit artwork and photoshoots inspired by music.
would some "Biden apologizing" meme tumblrs cheer you up?
CBS SEP 12 2011. AS OF JULY 20 2011 IM AVAILABLE ALL OVER THE WORLD TO PERFORM. TO BOOK ME OR OUR HIP HOP ARTIST.
She likes to play around.
#OccupyJax General Assembly meets today at 4pm, Community Garden group meeting at 5pm, both by the City Hall.
#NeverShouldYouEver Eat a girl out when she on her period.
Haha! Those things are smarter than we realize :)
He the best 1 on the Lakers
Just nominated and for the i date awards... Good luck guy's...
these vibes are everywhere
i got ya...U got to come get it tho
TONIGHT: Said The Whale with Say Goodbye To These! Starts at 8pm.
RT : What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity? Our attitude toward it. Every opportunity has a difficulty
I want Starbucks
Britt! I'm going Sunday with my friends if you wanna come with! (:
Great win for
denim on black.
I don't like being home alone!
76ers won now it's #flyers turners go boys
ha! "Hold out hope you should not, tired your arms shall be"...lol
#Christ is the answer.. #Forgiveness is the #key and #Love unlocks many doors.
....three more hours
Strongly agreed!
yeah, why?
Thank God. Was afraid their playoff games might interrupt my Brewers time
Osmo Vanska. We're in MN tonight. Army of cellos playing covers. You'll like. You're on the guest list.
thanks for the directions last night!!! I made it home without getting lost! yayyy! :) and it was nice seeing you too!
Zoe allday everyday
text me Evelyn ;) that's the only thing I miss about Bbm!
Tomorrow night Cardinals vs. Steelers at 5:00pm. Enjoy Happy Hour while watching the game. Draft beers $1.00 off, Well drinks $1.00 off.
I am totally pulling for Kansas after hearing Thomas Robinson's story
Poll question: John Elway, better QB or salesman? Won 2 SBowls. Sold Manning on being a Bronco + car dealrships for $82 mil
#Saints QB Drew Brees is my fantasy MVP from last year; the guy was white hot down the stretch; tremendous season.
Uh Goldberg?
That's ok, we'll just get Chien-men Wang to come up and throw at Utley and Howard if/when they come back
tell me you guys don't like that Joey kid because I was seriously getting annoyed!
Where did you get one?
Great catching up with all of you.
Gotta change all those Yoooooouk shirts to Brooks.
Nori Aoki is officially my favorite
Avengers, 9:45, Security Square Mall, who's coming with me?
[Campus Bulletin] It'll all be over soon. Just let it happen. Eventually you won't even feel the pain anymore.
I would do alot of things ;)
that was also a major reason why I left MySpace too!
so benign at first, until that fright-inducing gaze begins to suck your soul out like a dementor
A payment plan with the IRS doesn't mean you are out of the woods, interest & penalty issues, but you can see the tops of some trees.
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 14..Chargers/Cowboys (48.5)..#Take_The_Over...a shootout in Dallas...lotta talent both sides of ball
Reminder to all: the statutory public hearing on the Superintendent's proposed budget is Thursday at 6:30 pm at MPS Central Services.
Went to workout today & lost 5 lbs since Monday's workout. Must be dehydrated from the unusually hot weather. How do people gain weight?
I SEE BIG THINGS 4 U IN THE FUTURE..BACK TO THE TOP..SQUIRRELS ARE WISE..WE SEE THANGS UP HIGH IN DA TREE..UM, HMM...T/F/S..
Chun cites Richard Dienst's Still Life in Real Time. Nice to hear him voiced in this conversation.
The Good Wife!!
k let me know if/when. mid-sept in cleveland. gonna be big.
i was walking by your house today and i think you were outside! lol
So, was that a Sophie's Choice for the Academy?
finally made it!! #GodisAble so pumped to worship our God who is indeed able :))
check out some of my music lemme kno what you think
Count me in!
so pissed right now
I got you so wet It's like a rainforest Like Jurassic Park Except I'm your sex-a-saurus baby
See how #semantic #networks #screw in and out of networks of persons over time. across 60+ global automotive component manufacturing plants
I could have had it downing ago if I wanted. I quit Lego causenit grew up :) bai
I can sell you Lock money too
Who recognizes the fine artistry of our upcoming actors and actress in their performances in theatre and film today? Watch and see who!
could u send me sample of p90x and bbl, I want to create hybrid with p90x2 and bbl :)
Alright , who were the dirtbags .......
if you spoil the show for me Devlin will ONLY call you aunt.
u still up
Now playing I wont give up by Jason Mraz <3
Yeah, I was thinking about how I may never own a Blazers jersey if that happens.
I need a boyfriend </3
don't say fml, theres someone out there that wants your life and/or is glad you have it <3
I moved because of her lol iknow so big Edward & u can be hittin the blunt
which Mac?
Indeed it is!
Call Me Maybe is an awesome song nd i love the video nd more
good girl!!
Three days until Christmas.... I'm not ready yet
do you really think its ok for those teams to be better than UL? UL is better than that...they should never leave top 20.EVER
lol are you gonna leave with us or what?
>>S/o back at cha homie!!!
So who is going to win on your bracket? Got it set? just for fun of course!
In the moment, I think that the very thing that I need is pudding of chocolate, my favorite dessert. Please mom, let! LOL
Who will we see tonight for 's live debut? Roll call!
it won't let me tweet a picture to you asdfghjkl; -.-
You must be in SoCal, too.
Can I get a triple decker burrito with extra burrito and a side of burrito... Oh and a small diet coke.. ;)
PHI OVER 7 is a winner also CIN ML is looking very nice
Good day to make things happen yo, If you aren't about business then its a waste of time.
The only choice I had was selling ______?
I'm about to throw up, they're talking about the details of birth.
3:30 PM today - SHRM meeting - 2 WHOLE STRATEGIC CREDITS! Rarer than hen's teeth. That's why I started HRTrainingPortal.com!
I know right. I love y'all too. But them brownies 😍😍😍😍
Been shooting way too much with my iPhone. Blog coming soon...
I've had a lot of thoughts running through my head
Long days even Longer nights
#492009 rate please and i am the 2nd one to the left FYI!!!
who you telling and thats just from these last 2 weeks i have left lol
Don't forget: today it's Earth-hour (20u30 - 21u30) !
So much respect for for teething that and being honest about their relationship. I hope he's okay :/ xx
I thank God 4 waking me up this morning finshed working a 24 hour shift work 24 more hours 2morrow. & was able 2 by some1 something 2 eat
Thanks for all the love ..the tweets are rolling in!! We really appreciate it -
so wise, so simple
ight. You better start practicing
Cool. Can do
I'd be wary. They tried to evict me and my friends because our lease was expiring a month later than they wanted. Not cool.
Yeah! My thoughts exactly! Thanks for being a Mandonna Fandonna!!
idk maybe as much as u no me
One week into a 30 day Shakeology Challenge and the participants have lost 5.2, 3 & 1.5 lbs!! If you want to be next message me for details!
(224)-63-GO-NOW make sure you leave a message
there goes your abs
sounds like a win/win situation to me
where at?
ready for #hurricanirene bring it on
doing great!
has endorsed Falk. MTI has not made an endorsement in the Gov race.
The most productive thing I've done today is watch 30mins of SNL digital shorts. There is almost no way to salvage the rest of this day.
Cuddling weather..
you Already know! Keep that head up... Only a Real Boston fan can even talk with us... HARDWEAR says it all
It's identifying with the circumstance, (eg I am out of work) vs just accepting it as temporary circumstance, that often keeps us stuck
I wish I was going to the drake concert.. , wanna take me with ? 😉😘
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
and Berry Zimmerman speak about small business success with today at 1:00pm PST on KKOL 1300 AM.
#NF rich ass
Hi Keith, have you ever come across a heuristic evaluation methodology specifically for ecommerce?
We have one in the hotel I work at and its so dangerous!
"Niggah, you ain't got no swag" -Random Asian Guy Walking By Me O.e
Just saw on State Street! You guys think he should come to Bombers after his speech for the Galaxies best burgers?
This week is going to be crazy busy, I can tell already
We'll send an email soon!
manager said she'll be sending the app around 4pm today. If I don't get accepted I'm going to kill myself. When do u get to move in?
Why u need a criminal lawyer? 1)Reduce to a lesser charge, 2)lower the punishment, & 3)reduce/eliminate jail time, go to:...
Thanks SO much for the comments, I know the kids will be so excited. They have had a great time creating them this week. :)
*jumps, knocking over several boxes, spins around* oh! Erm... hi. I was just looking for something to eat.
Looking for bloggers to write feature articles for online newspaper in exchange for plugging your blog or self published books
we were in the zone
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it, piece by piece...
i love u to death nut youbhavent had one yet... when it gonna happen
Perhaps now I will have more time to tweet.
You bleed just to know you're alive<3
just checking to see if everything is all good. Any links?
Long enough to know what a sub par NFL QB & high school football coach look like.
RT how is my nephew! Miss you.
Haha. I hope the new one doesn't bring "Vim" into conversations.:-)
I, however, love twitter. It's twitter-rific!!!
We need JD Drew back
found myself at veggie grill again today. also found russell simmons there ;)
and their self-important books probably would cost students 100 bucks a pop
jeez...there are a lot of twitter apps.....
Worth it! Have my Rob wig and platform shoes ready to go ...
Good upside. However, moving continues to suck I don't care if you are moving next door. Enjoy.
Nothing makes me chuckle more than a bad pun.
Love the people who treat you right and love the ones who don�t-from a distance-allowing them to BE in their own way
dislikes the song "Money Honey" more than all of the other songs on "The Fame".
eating recesses puffs cereal...
texting - limit number of texts and times/places texting may be done. ck ur provider for a text limit cut off--not paid overage charge
Acting like your on your phone during a scary part in a movie while with company ;)
i'm goin great and urs?
Couple bottles of that MOET and getting dat pu$$y she haven't told me no yet!
RT Electing Santorum would solve our immigration problem but create an enormous one for Canada.
"Cooperation is no longer about incentives but about removing impediments" Michel Bauwens P2P foundation
sign me aftermath records side wayz
Up to no good...Maybe.
I've been ripping and running all day, now it's time to crank out some great prose on my computer.
Chinese food and cudding what could be better =)
My teacher told me I'm the type of girl that likes the glass half full???? What does that even mean???
I think your account has been hacked.
Tried the 3-D glasses from last night. Truth? I'm sold. Much more comfortable than the bulky specs you get at the theater.
Its not even my birthday :)
ID Greatness: Learners can see that it is all about them, their tasks, their priorities, and their futures. #astd2012 via
Not really any point to having bike lanes in #roc if they're always filled with broken glass. Street-sweep, please?
Finally taking a break after 5 days of "Server in crisis" work!
stay in yo own lane!!!~
Last night was crazy. Gotta take it easy 4 the rest of the weekend tho.
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
Happy Birthday to the man!! Bleed Black! #TBLO#
Half the house has no power.. Why does it have to be the side with my room & the internet?
: I'm bored here at home!! Lol. But i'm not supposed to be there till 3 today :/
#SometimesAllAGirlWants a guy that actually admits his mistakes as much as she would.
quince tonight :) on my way. .
Knowing how to ask the right questions at the right time is both a skill and a gift and can bring great results to the one answering them.
Da Game show is soo not da same anymore but I still love it
I've taken like 4 naps today, this weather is 👌👌
can I transfer $ to ur acct
my background is killing (:
i dont know i just hope she'll let me meet her .
what a Monday...so tired...
Embrace your Irish spirit March 16 & 17 w/Corned Beef & Cabbage & Irish whiskey 4 a real !
Planning a couple shows! I cant wait to party and play again.
Say what?! RT SAD NEWS: Donna Summer has died. She was 63. - TMZ
concretestepsmusic.com for tunes and info.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.~ James Beard
Day off today. Accomplished so far: breakfast, laundry, opening a box.
Uugg it's early
is trying to keep people from following me.... Girlfriends *sigh* . Just kidding Michelle. I love you <3
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
RIP.. @ HeavyD.. U are already missed..
#liesgirlstell I'm not the jealous type
Stay off that foot ...... lol
Im tired of seeing oomf face all the time lol stop posting so many pictures
Off to #sweethomechicago. Cary-Grove football game, high school reunion, baby shower, and Bears/Vikes on SNF.
don't be nervous. We are a kind audience hungry for info.
Trimmed the fat off of Email::Sender::Server, no db per-se (no DBIC), home-grown MQ, less code, better performance.
How do you like the babes in my tweets?
I save his life! That cat will love me and I will love it.
Bong bong 👨
Red Stag cherry infused whiskey sounds interesting. love the juxtaposition of feminine/masculine. we should try!
Brady makes 16 consecutive completions and breaks joe Montana's record
Thanks!! We love our JABBERS, too!
Where y'all at U need to be at Club Allure
Added some scratch VO to film & feeling good so far. Finding right tone is tricky but getting there.
Do I wear my uniform tomorrow? Or..
Dear , sometimes a girl just needs to listen to cheesy songs on repeat w/out all of her Facebook friends knowing.
RT IF BY YES plays at LIVING ROOM. This Friday at 8pm. >> Any plans for Phoenix? :-)
Creating a list of Best Practices for LibGuides
+1! RT : Love this >> RT : Something other that RT as a way to acknowledge a great idea or cool tweet
Justin Bieber x Boyfriend >> swag bounce to dat hoe..!
GOP mayors help the community by buying tacos. Dem mayors run into burning buildings. Just saying.
If Chad Durbin is on this team Friday then I'm done.
I feel like there's gotta be a basic internet recipe for that. Skip the pectin, especially if she doesn't want a stiff jam.
Thank u love X
Had the best time with my wife and son at the beach. This was just what a dude needed before going back to work...
You, too. It looks like fun!
Hey there, congratulations!
SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK
I'm buying a solo ticket. Screw youz!
sure, going on lunch at 1:45
Does anyone have a sailboat?
May I never be that much of an adult!
American Airlines doesn't fly out of there. :( :(
Thanks, Rei! Means a ton to me.
bad luck sucks!!!
Aw man. One of my office bookshelves broke. An essential stabilizing shelf so now the whole thing needs to go. Sigh. WHY?
"use wisely your power of choice".
Well I'm a fan of the sport and individual players above all else. Devils-Flyers should be great. Hoping for some drama!
and ... thanks for visiting our place!!
I'm excited to try the Brooks. They didn't have my size, so I'm waiting on a deliver from Brookfield to the Shorewood store.
I really need more sleep! :/
Family Law Judge in Texas who repeatedly whipped his 16 year old daughter should be...Catch my thoughts tonight on Entertainment Tonight!
In the world have 160 000 0000 people, I just want U only
I am soo swore from that ride, and I gotta wear heels all day.
Enjoying a burger and supporting at the same time what a combo!
ouch. Please becareful. He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight. :-)
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
A kid-friendly twist on Brazo de Mercedes
yay! I hope it's a smooth ride from the airport!
Q for the developers... in ME3, will the Mako make a reappearance?
#LiamNeeson is very cool.
Thanks for the twitter love El Paso!!!
DM me please
English. Gym. Cat.
LMAO RT : If a wife forbids her husband from reading playboy should the same rules apply to her for #50ShadesofGrey?
Greetings to you too! Didn't know you were out west. When are you back?
#ItsBritneyBitch who's in? #Aville come say hi!
Then you have Sephora/Ulta. Clients can speak with one associate and learn about 15 different brands to choose from during one consultation.
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about. - Unknown
i hope my first white hair is the beginning of a bitchin' bonnie raitt-esque streak.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander - gps car dvd players
City of God is not a black film, perhaps a film about violence in Rio's favelas that features blacks as those who live in the favelas.
Guys, just wants to know if POTUS is a lying, foreign-born murderer. Let's air both sides. What's the issue here?
dont forget to check out my new music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
how are you even alive? RT : With random fisherman they do. True story. I ran.
So sleepy but can't sleep.
GivingThanks: Family, work, friends, health. Hope for world peace, no whiners, more integrity, return of kindness/courtesy. Read more books.
To everyone, yes I proposed and I'll explain tomorrow morning on the air!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 2O
so you have your own label? Or production company
I CALL DIBS ON CODY!! ;D
this boy today told me he hates me . he was so serious too .
Good morning people!! Have any tattoo humor to get the day off to a fun start?!
Smart people those Radar LA folks. providing free bus service between venues at night. Fantastico!
Ann Coulter says it's time the rightwing start targeting the Obama children. I say Ann Coulter is a "verbal" child molester.
I may or may not be live tweeting from " Titantic 3D. " Just sayin'.
The worlds greatest Creeper (You) should follow me. Tht would be the best Birthday Present EVER!! :) I LOVE YOU!!!!! <3
where was rock last Thursday? Oh skipping joes for crickets
It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the
You're entitled to a day off like everybody, chill and enjoy, worry about the 95k tomorrow.
I feel the same way with Trending. What doe that mean exactly?
I'm thankful to all the smart, friendly people I've met online, for all the things you've shown & taught me about technology & creativity.
It's totally addictive!
...She's got '2 turn-tables and a microphone'...; that would be Kerry / on at 8am, hosting, 'Memphis Mystery Train'! lp
It was just Brett, smelled decent. Seems like Brux to me, it was just thin and bland. Brett ate all the carbohydrates.
Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years! Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more.
So I guess everyone's just gonna ignore my tweets huh?
sure am! I play in FTSK and this is my band. Hope you enjoy the music! --
He does know about the live tweeting of this event correct??
Gah, i just don't get things.
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to punch you in your suck hole.
Loved AfterMath at Matrix as well. Long time friend Mark Taylor directed. Daniel Taylor terrific as well.
#KatyPerry rocking out tonight on American
What r u talking about , ? 
for today brah!!
near Langham, but we just came back on. You?
So far loving Sherri and the football player on Dancing with the Stars!
Yeah, surprised this is the first time I've seen Meaning Of Life. Don't know how I missed it til now.
Haha :) Or don't plant a tree...that's cool too
Great NY Times piece by on digital humanities -- looking at several NEH-funded spatial/GIS projects. nyti.ms/obQgaL
your apple comment was super dorky, but i still love ya :)
If you are in Madison and collecting signatures go to State. St. area. This area is still not saturated.
Spending some time with a HTC Evo Design 4G (Sprint) as it has been a while since I really immersed myself in the Android user experience.
Not teaching tomorrow (no school) = staying up late and sleeping in. SO, what movie should I get from Redbox?
Love to you too!
We have received your application to Confirmations will go out to registrants soon! Looking forward to meeting you.
I think I have learned what is important to an association planner! Just listen.
Anger, frustration and despair aren't hate. I think some are calling things hate that aren't.
thank you for the words of wisdom mr. shelton RT : : Well shit in 1 hand and wish in the other.
idk I'm just not a good dancer. I have like no rhythm at all! & no I had no problem getting in. I dont think they really care.
Headed to the crib done wit work
things to do in wichita ks
the flyer says 8 but I'm driving straight up after class, why don't you come to the one tomorrow at respects its closer
My Comfort Food : Blue Crabs!
Yes, I was a bit preoccupied. You need to meet the new guy. He's AWESOME.
Fun theater arts class today: kids had to brainstorm and perform a short scene only using sound effects. Next: a new old-time-radio story.
Who wants a #FF? :P
it's one thing with it being people dressing in nothing being attention whores and people being drunk. Drunk is good :)
The announcement is public: The Sloan Foundation and the Arcadia Fund have each granted DPLA $2.5M
Morning! If you live with a fear to fail attitude, a lot of times you will either panic or question yourself to be unproductive!
The year has just flown.
haha alright :p
I Xbox live meow. Add me and let's play! BabinkaCake420
Doing all my hw today. Fun......... I lov distractions :) #
tic toc let me see your panties Drop (:
“: Natty Daddy coming 2012, we own the Rose bowl, But BCS Champs Sounds better ;)” You know it!
come up here and we can run together in this cold snowy weather :)
They said Aries and Cancer are a good match!! :-) I need a Cancer.
I'm sorry... CLASSIC ROCK does it for me... The cheesy synth... the reverb on the snare. It exhilarates me haha!
Ex's get more mad as time goes cause they see you are doing good. That's right bitch
Can I order online?
go ahead do it! do it!
Always RT : Too much hostility in my tl. Yall need to chill
Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery: Tomboy gets the guy!
There needs to be a live feed of #ProjectC so we can follow along from Jamaica
All the things I can NOT be doing on my day off... What to ignore first...
I miss you my friend! I hope to see you soon. Cuando vaya nos tomamos un cafecito con tequila, jajaja. Besos!
LOCATIONS...MUCH OF CENTRAL NEW YORK WEST OF THE INTERSTATE 81 CORRIDOR...INCLUDING MOST OF THE FINGER LAKES REGION...AND THE ELMIR...
Its so funny watching Parental Control because they're all horrible actors
wish I could have been there. Listening to Savoir Faire on a Friday night.
LSE believes that strong marketing & branding DRIVE PR. If interested in working with us, please contact us at:
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece. Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, drinking blue moons, and schmoking a j. -_-
I've never tried it, it looks nasty.
lmfao you're a virgin tho. :p
Soul Survivor had a great hook meaning the energy, but Who Dat that go ham my dude.
We have goals for the day... Uh ohh
In Allentown. Bombed out on first word - "Fandango". I mean, really. Geez.
Happy New Years from Kyle Ean, Kelly Ann, & the entire Haggerty Studio Family!
who are they? LOL
have funn we love u :)
My little girl said where is all the fans follow she follows back even tho she use my tweet account
Beez in the trap
Driving on the wrong side of the road in my neighborhood and telling my mom we're in Europe >>
Thank you for the RT!
also I wish I could sing Soberano/Sovereign Hands but it is so hiiiiighhhhh... maybe one day:) why are all my favorite songs so high?
Didn't expect Miami to gel this season, but if they find their roles & perform like they did today in the playoffs, the NBA Finals await.
Thank you Sean!! RT : bringing back quality to MIA is
I'm taking Denver over New England tonight. Tebow Time will get started early. count on it. Tebow
Chilling in Santa Monica with my girl for the weekend
Students from Westside Montessori are touring Mapping Our Tears now. They will see artifacts & learn about eyewitnesses to the holocaust.
definitely do that. And check out south Baltimore crossfit. Sean is the owner...he rocks!
Thanks for the shout on the song! Can't wait to see the response when this is completed.
YESTERDAY, I cast my vote for the next Charimen of the DC Council. KWAME BROWN!!
We experienced a total power outage yesterday but back up this morning and serving our customers !
Just saw Ken's tweet about the book. Sounds fascinating.
1 essay question down 5 to go
Big things popin. Little things stopin
next TUESDAY at THE FARM. Focus! Focus! w/ Tamia Remains, Teflon w/Special guests!
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you there! :)
it must be fun to be an NBA head coach
Brewvies in Salt Lake City!! :0)
What would happen if Brittany Griner and Anthony Davis had a baby?
Today in Literary History: Victor Hugo, author of "Les Misérables" and "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, was born in France in 1802.
No problem
Thanks so much! Glad you are enjoying the album :) How are the lessons going?
why. &what is that supposed to mean.
These Asians that own nail salons always have their children working. I mean slaving. Lol.
My mom argues with me for the DUMBEST shit! And this is an everyday type of thing
He's just training his audience.
So much for yesterday
Good morning twitterverse!!!!
ready to start this day with a cup of #coffee and celebrating
BACK-UP quarterback gets 35 minutes in a huge, live press conference speaking openly about faith, integrity & charity. Gotta love it!
I never said anything like that!
#icanttakeyouseriously if all u talk about is ur ex
#in ..I am working on smartanalytics.@
Follow back??
I'm sorry screw school
“: #Scorpio sexuality is strong, deep, & intense. They need a partner the same way.” me and are clearly perfect
Who has a Skype table at a wedding?
Maintaining separate residences and physical separation while still married can present novel difficulties when renewing a green card.
BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
This is crazy, but im kind of excited to see Maná tonight at the at&t center. They are the first rock band i ever listened to in my life!
Who and where are you ? Show yourself.
how come I didn't get these tweets until now?? But anyways nick we are good girls ;) well sometimes... Lol
Dumb question, but do bike pumps need a needle? I have a pump, but it wont fit on the tire.
songs that tell real stories >
“: #WeAllNeed someone who makes you feel alive.”
And, I LIVE in a CRYING FACTORY every time I read Sugar. She's just SO kind.
I have to say for what we gave up I'm kinda stoked to deal picks and get Rudy, hope the Rudy from a few years ago shows up at camp though.
I didn't realize my headphones were *that* leaky. Sorry.
*cools off a bit* just game 2, it's NOT OVER!!
Just nailed a bird on my way to work. He gone...
I talk as I sketch, too, in order to keep their minds off what I'm doing so I'll get the most natural expression I can from them.
Time out!!!! Did use a new word "MindState" ? Sweet!
Sex In The Shower, Call That Bath & Body Works! ;))
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
Not too bad after Wednesday. Let's do late this week or next!
Why water
RememberingMom: One of her fave things to do on Mother's Day: Mow the lawn. In a bikini. With her hair in pigtails.
I hope bolton and chelsea win
At Pullen Park With (:
you know it's bad if you have to travel to England to get better :)
hott tighten up ur points. Or skin brook it.Use a bolder.Its a saver
Have your holiday company party at Fox & Hound
Bahaha alright. And okay MOM geez.
hey, DM me. We nd to talk
Finally got my Internet back!!(:
aww :( I wish you the best of luck, sweet lady. Keep in touch and let me know what you're up to.
woohoo! Thanks for the support frank.
Hello...follow three great up and coming artist. Thanks!
Third The Dark Knight Rises Trailer
I am liking your Milwaukee adventures today. Go #Brewers!
I hate broscience, bro.
hahahaha yes you have!
walk underneath the Sky the Creator created, breathing in his rich summer air, all while expelling the harsh
Good Morning Everyone! Beautiful Day to spend outside here in Los Angeles!
Who's wants a s/o for my 100 tweets?
There are two days every month (take a guess) where I experience such terrible muscle and joint paint that my knuckles actually hurt :(
did someone say you were?! If so.. Who? I'll beat em up for ya(:
TAKE ME WHEN I AM THERE JUNE 16TH-21ST :)
what happened?
Damn Frat u Hosted 2nite like a Champ, Happy Founders Day
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
Game of Thrones has consumed me.
I really wish I knew ANYONE that still lives in
Yes! The G8: "human rights & fundamental freedoms.. birthright of all individuals.. including gay, bisexual or transgender individuals"
its a bumping ass song called chew me like bubblelicious
Javale McGee was #impressive tonight, he will be in the same group as Bynum and Howard in two seasons. He needs to improve his basketball IQ
Kasparov: Weak human + machine + better process beats strong computer alone or strong human + machine + inferior process.
Add me as well, please.
please follow me!!! Your so awesome!!!!
track meet
I cannot believe how stinking hot it is.....
I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.
RT if you think gaga should release the American tour dates
twitter looks cool now ^_^
Shout out number two go to . Hes got some good music to listen to!
"Poppy Field need to go somewhere!" #fromthetrack #SantaAnita with
A great creative #marketing agency in Atlanta is #hiring account execs. DM me if you are interested.
Ah, would have loved to meet you! Was a fun event, and yummy food. :) Hopefully I run into you sometime soon!
Knock Knock? See you guys on the golf course tomorrow...
Adam's grandpa seems to be doing a lot better. These next couple of days will be key. Thanks for keeping him in your thoughts!
good luck at your game tonight :)
Penn State "corralling squirrels" ref in session title at #iappsummit analogous to "herding cats"; no offense to faculty, staff, students
Its true. I love 85 (no homo) - but this is hater week. No endzone for Ocho. WAMW
I miss you baybayyyyyy
Never fails out here.
if hackers can find a way to send me tons of flowers on valentines day using my own credit card... I'm gonna go ahead and say yes.
This summer, I might just make an attempt at the N-word (that's novel, you).
Free crib tonite who wants to come over nd keep me company
Hey! Thanks for the follow. Hope all is well!
Best Friends: You laugh, I laugh. You cry, I cry. You fall, I laugh then I fall too because I was laughing so hard . ❤
RT Now at a workshop on teaching the city featuring ! Looking forward to this one.
nope not at all :P
We just gave a tour of the studio to a distinguished member of the Nevada Film Office. She liked it!
Aprecciate it man . Heres my email
Harvest season is just around the corner. The trees look great.
| please follow us so may forward a DM 2 U. Thks!
Crying as I look through Terry Richardson’s tumblr.
Really? Mary Beth? I think Whitney is hotter.
is listening to Steven Curtis Chapman.
People who try to be in ur conversation and have no clue wat there talkin about <
Everyone keeps saying that libraries are becoming extinct... what do you think?
I do work @ noon!! Holy crap, we're actually working together....lol. YAY!!!!!
Ed Sheeran + a rainy day is a beautiful combination.
Weekly Q & A sessions with me, Henry Brim! Email questions to .
I'll definitely let you know ;-) and thanks for the support.
Thanks for the Mention!!!
are you going to the carnival today?
I got your package today. Appreciate it fellas!
I'm compiling some informal data for a project & would love your answer! Which product is *better*: low-fat or no high fructose corn syrup?
Girls Only Party tomorrow-- come in your 'Moulin Rouge' best!!!
I love girls
Uh oh...What are we fighting over?
Hi... Today is a beautiful day!!! Gonna do some studying later, for my reg- nursing class. Right now I'm enjoying the weather!! :)
when can we expect you in #philly to check out the work is doing w/?
This Thursday will be under the spell of & will be a #housenation trifecta!
If you're whining about a man worth two billion dollars wearing a hoodie, you're probably just really jealous of the hoodie.
the one who claims miracles but runs a magnet school
Getting ready to see tonight's new episode of supernatural yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the best #vma performance was Linkin Park awesome song!
In the immortal words of "Top Gear," "That's quite a big gap you got there." Staggering even.
Good morning from the Front Range. #HewlettFire still burning near #FtCollins.. wishing our friends to up north a fast containment!
NEW! THE BAB BIZ DIRECTORY GET YOUR BUSINESS LISTED FOR FREE ON BIGAPPLEBRITS AND REACH 1000S OF BRITISH EXPATS HTTP://WWW.BIGAPPLEBRITS.COM
the first time I ever went I did. Lol
Engaging myself in research on rhetoric and competing characterizations of change and status quo in #highered. Seeing many parallels.
Dear WWF. You have no idea about what you write. Please take a wine class and a writing class. Your drivel is ridiculous!
Thank you for RT! FL - Awake the State 3/8/11 rallies - Stop Gov. Scott's devastating budget cuts!!
That sounds really nit-picky, but when writing a lot I need to know I'm going to be comfortable with it in a few months.
True Story RT ": I'm too cool for TWITTER"
When you have savored sunshine plus beach locations, have a trip ...
who cares about the fight
Seriously - Pathetic is a word that gets thrown around a lot, but....
hey, nice art in the office!
Stauffer points out that nineteenth century physical collections in particular peril bc out of copyright and not yet rare enough.
I'm gonna go crazy!
what the hell would I do without your DVR lmao
Where can I try Nog in Cincinnati? ;-)
I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia
absolutely - been to Pueblo and/or CS like 3 dozen times, never been to Pikes Peak or Royal Gorge. Took my mom & uncle visiting.
Maybe a court jester, in a past life ;) Or a shaman :)
I didn't wanna end up like him
Social Security 2033 date isn’t the end. SS will still pay 75% of benefits w/ no changes. We can fix the shortfall w/o cuts.
miss u brudder!!!
This month has been nothing but busy, and a bunch of stress. However, next week a get away to New Jersey may just be what I need.
slydog ? uh no sir
Watched the intro to the Zach Galifianakis SNL, sometimes I too wish for a chicken bone friend...
We had a great first week of filming, thanks to the whole cast and crew!
I know! We actually joked about finding one to attend! LOL!
don't listen to these pathetic vol fans. We aren't all like that, I promise
So beautiful,
me too, though the worst is "preso" (both pronunciations equally heinous)
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
blew us away last year when she was on the cast of our show "twenty-four" at #FF both!
I miss the drunk nights of dancing to "Don't Stop Believing" with
Why the hell is underwear a plural word?
Yeah, your not kidding :-) I was panicked at first and then amazed they still worked..hope your son has a blast!
gooski's!!! killer of sheep & easy action!!! lazy pricks!!! get out!!!
I wonder if the name 'Hester' was like the 'Britn'y' of the early 1600's.
Makes zero sense.
Does your book have a new release date?
Turned in my YA Novel to Harper. Some magic happened in the writing of this book. Can't wait for it to come out next yr.
Thanks! You are so kind!
I don't like when people have a perfect smile but they never smile in pictures , I wish I didn't have braces :B
Intuition woke me up, Confidence made me breakfast, Motivation gave me my agenda & Destiny gave me its blessing to enter world & be great.
Donate to a charity via your wallpaper
Me: "Yeah, I love video games! Know what I'm good at?" 4th grader: "Reading??"
asics gel saga ..I got some ..
they usually do for this game. I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
Remember Also Double XP all weekend!
Foster The People. Helena Beat.
I'm watching the Suns beat the Lakers!!!
o well ok, dnt b gettin n no trouble I kno where u b @, lol
I love when that happens. :)
"If they want my respect, they must respect me. It must be mutual." WORD.
Good Call I just might do that...I aint scared!
“: If it was easy, everyone would be doin it.”<---so true!
It's been a lovely afternoon at 's new tap room - patio was the perfect place to spend this sunny afternoon with !
Could be a big inning for the Giants. 3 straight hits and 2 runs. Giants now lead 3-1.
#ItSeemsLike the world is such a horrible place and everything is stuck up and out to get you!!!
Had a great day at the final day of the Gainesville #FriendsoftheLibrary book sale. Everything was 10 cents!
hey Mike do you have an email that I can contact you with?
interesting timing, tmbg plays here tomorrow night!
<---------- FOLLOW HIM! Awesome tweets. :) Wants to be a handsome billionaire? Lol. :) I won't judge, I never do. But, follow him.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Happy Birthday
The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results. ~NV Peale.
"Students are seeking to be problem solving. What they need is the infrastructure to do this. " Maureen Curley
Cleveland's own super bowl: Case vs Reserve annually on Thanksgiving day, 1894 to 1953.
Homer Bailey is not as promising as Reds fans have hoped. Guess we will see how Chapman rolls.
you go girl. Congrats !!!
Listening to a bunch of 40+ year old men in my apartment trying to install a window. Sounds like child birth.
not beer & cookies..beer & pizza!
“: RT : How drunk is ABBA drunk? | There’s not enough beer in the whole world.”// Hee hee....
I always feel uncomfortable going topless when I'm getting a spray tan.
Instead of generic "philosophy," describe specific examples of where you enact your approach to teaching
our first UMS lecture class was canceled on Mon thanks to the hurricane, so I'm here til 7 EST to answer student questions.
Ugh, no good after work classes for tonight. Why are all the gym classes at 5:30/6:30? I get off work at 5:30 and would love 5:45 classes!
I dont know for sure but I think he did
I am honored chriss !!!!
At CEO Roundtable dinner in downtown San Diego with Congressman Brian Bilbray.
I am a dirty dirty boy
Recruiter was at Camp Lejeune yesterday. Thank you Marines for your hospitality. Recruiters will be at VCU next week, October 7th.
government: If you serve us rather than we serve you, why is our money paying for your luxerys?
When I think about the progress we as black people hav made in this country I see a billboard of Tyler Perry in drag speaking broken English
Spokenreassons funny as hell
ass kissers are dangerous!
you would make my life if you tweeted me goodnight
I'm interested. Pros and cons here.
We're finishing up a research paper on the potential of the Long Tail in the music business. Look for it soon!
O heck yes! I'm stoked! Now its a party!
I know is ready but is ready for this
If you are sitting in mcfaddens comparing with each other what size you wear in Versace couture, I automatically hate you.
'This guy rates down this ASUS, 's plain he shorted the chipset, probably used it to push the board down. Are you going to be so careless?'
Me all day today: "Are you fucking kidding me?"
So now we can kill the notion that a wild card team will win the super bowl. Its all division winners now
"ballerinas as weiners now that's a powerful metaphor! That speaks words to people!"
Why do they have to be on a nick show. It kinda brings down their coolness😞
Why Joe over Harden?
lol I hope he a keeper
Very interesting, thx for sharing! democracy in schools makes a lot of sense.
#Pinterest is driving driving traffic and amplifying SEO.
nahh..gotta start a #riot bih
o my gosh really!
Anyone sign up for #CreativeCloud yet? I'm pre-ordering soon! Thoughts?
I love when I want to go swimming and someone decides to turn the pool heater off.
I agree, love the new avi, you look so young and hot! Too bad you're not into older men. #insidejoke lol
Thanks everybody! :)
My basil is shriveling!!! No. Do I have to trim the flowers that are sprouting?
JCOF will be the stock to watch in the coming week!
That's exciting! Have fun tonight. You'll be awesome! Cc:
Must have tip - sunscreen every day and window film on the car… and PM Focused Repair in the evening.
Maybe because u have schools like texas college and paul quinn etc.. dat rip there students off
oh there wasn't even a word for how excited I was.
You knew that. I'm a very hateful person.
These refs are determined to help Lebron.
..zayn please follow me ...PLEASE !!!
HAHA. You said IDP! It took me a sec to remember what that meant!
My first work related FaceTime call. Let's not do that again. I look like a goofus holding the phone at a pleasing angle.
Working on getting the latest EVPs we did at Hawaiian Memorial Cemetary loaded for review. Caught 4 things that we can't quite make out.
So thankful that no students were hurt in the accident involving a school bus in Red Bank today. All caused by a drunk driver.
pool closed-broken pump. they get to run instead only 24 days until tri for them and 23 days for me
Lunch at Trails Cafe?
Ha! except one of the biggest fault lines is on the East coast and is very active but out in the Atlantic.
looks awesome :D
..you think? You ought to know by now, silly..you can't FORCE a person especially in matters of love..try making over,
Glad to do it. Nice picture, by the way...sultry vixen.
It took many hours yesterday but finally got Git & Drush installed on remote server for the first time & pulling from github.
oh.. ok , i understand
"You spin my head right round right round"
Anyone know how to view #LostChristmas in the US? BBC player doesn't like Americans..... apparently. >.<
Hey you still have a chance to see #DETROPIA, it'll be opening in select cities in September! Like us on Facebook for more updates!
no problem! thank you... for being amazingg!
: Enjoying the last tracks in DC
Whoever owns this Netflix account I am using has really shitty taste in movies and tv like I do! Huzzah!
Cool thanks!!! I know most of them!!! We'll do our best to interview them!! :)
I need a fix but not a cookie fix.
I want to punch him in his throat
It's weird seeing the #WhiteSox in red.
Congrats Derek Jeter on your 3000th hit and a homer to boot.
Shooting a wedding for someone I knew for over 30 yrs priceless
is rolling his eyes about kittykins and the box. But he also had delicious pancakes, so we're all winning tonight.
..HARDWORK BEATS TALENT WHEN TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD #REALSHIT"
Thanks for the follow :)
I was feeling great about my weight loss until Wii Fit called me obese.
-- Again, if you keeping saying 'it will never happen' IT WON'T. Positive attracts positive. Ideas attract other ideas
The Titans don't get to accused any other team if being "dirty" so long as they continue to employ Cortland Finnegan
“: I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?”I'm here <3
Anyone got a #rottentomato?
Thank You for the follow. Looking forward to reading your tweets! :)
Just CAUSE I'M AWAY ....DON'T MEAN I ANT THERE ...
Because you didn't txt me im probably finna fall asleep RT : I only said dat cuz you said goodnight, u fina stay woke?
Had a blast with my #cbj peeps! #wings lost and #flyers let the #pens feel a bit better going to game 6.
I hope you're not upset we got a John Cena and a Sheamous shirt ;) Even though you're not my number 1, good luck on Sunday
What beats faster printing service than NYC Printing 123's Rush Printing Service. Have your print job printed and ready as fast as same...
just got a shout out from the pilot on our #jetblue flight. already the best flight ever.
m' ok
Hey follow back ?
When starting and growing your business, it&#039;s important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
thanks for the mention
I feel sleepy... but i cant go to sleep .... BLAH fml
Why is the gym beyond packed at 5:37am...
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE. GET OFF MY NUTS.
ALRIGHT. I DID.
Foster's home for imaginary friends!
Do you sit at computer all day working? Have you had your workstation evaluated for the best ergonomic support of your back, neck, wrists?
Yep, they really imploded. All the frustration led to a meltdown. They came out strong tonight, but could never regain control.
Omg You Should Call Me
He's from the Zoo originally and went to same HS as Jeter. He has awesome orthodontia so he gets a pass from me!
who is this directionar?? Nothing against directioners but I hate haters!!
Enjoying minister my brotha! FEARLESS tour!
love u too! I have exams, soccer ended, and trying to get a guy
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.” —Friedrich Nietzsche
I am honored. it is beautiful.
thank you for this blog post! look forward to working with you lovelies!
sure! I'll friend u on Facebook! If I could find u!
Yes, we are open today! Fresh and hot goodness to make you forget the snow! As of right now, delivery available also!
A rare, memorable moment.
Income, reinvest, breed. But their webpage needs work. How about.... "invest in a real growth STOCK" (as in cow) How about showing a map?
its a hard reality our country refuses to listen to.
Please tell congrats and that we miss him tons on twitter!!!
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
many thanks for the kind words, Sara!
I sunk to her level and gave her a few choice words in return. I feel like shit about it now.
Dragged myself to the gym. Hoping it will wake me up.
YAY! Daymond rocks. Love what he did. He truly wanted to help them-- they're all going to fly now! :-)
Four cops within two miles. Really?
Yes, they have succeeded in making this about the "bad" teachers
Avery got cets
Sound good
"In fiction, diagnosis is reductive" -- Egan
Testing out an obstacle course! gotta make some money somehow :)
RT : Mondays are offensive.
Sometimes, your knight in shining armor, is just a retard in tin foil
No jail time will occur as a result tho don't worry! Lol!
Thanks for the retweet. #BASEES conference always yields fascinating material!
Looking at two schools in Chicago :)
I didnt hear His voice but I felt His arms around me.Thank you Lord
im in a Grateful Dead kind of mood... oh wait, im always in a Grateful Dead kind of mood :)
RT : black face in hamden is as surprising at cheap meat at taco bell. // Ha. Seemed out of place even in Hampden...
you've come a long way! ^_^
“: Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That will show him who’s boss.” hahahah
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
Missed calls happen both ways all of the time, part of the game. Doesn't change the fact that Dallas looks frustrated.
your life is fabulous. so glad you have a "side of fashion" still. loving the WSJ LFW coverage. one day i will see you again!
- I ♥ you and your heart of gold (or platinum - whichever is better). =]
Friday: Closing session at 11:30 in orange & lemon room w/ Kee Malesky, member of the NPR library team. Lunch, ticketed event.
Happy Friday!
BITCH IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THEN SAY SOMETHING OR JUST GET OVER IT
follow please.. i can give you 3 solo shoutouts if you do, just tweet me :)
Wow...My face is breaking out for the first time in forever.
..sending you your bands new ep...in 30 sec to your gmail. talk to me. I hope you like the hongs ep..its called delicate tremors!!
I miss you, and it sucks that I keep letting my feelings get in the way of our friendship, whatever you live and you lean
Last Fridays #real #estate word unscramble was actually bond! oopsy. Happy #Friday!
#mobilegov is about empowering governments to empower citizens on the go.
may or may not surprise you, but was a couch surfer regularly a few years ago.
Benadryl in my system time to hit face to pillow #nuhnight 💤💤💤
Planning on creating an event of afternoon/evening flag football for a few hours... Details to follow!
We sure missed you at the event, but Robby still made you a part of it! (I'm in the lower right corner of the pic!) :)
Some people playin' some casual Warhammer40k come join the fun!
Here at Wicked Carnival, we're 100% #TeamFollowBack. So tell your friends if they need more follows today!
For a one-time bluegrass hot spot, DC sure lacks venues within the beltway for me to scratch my bluegrass itch
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, happy hour 4-7pm, and enjoy the New food menu.
i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay
thank YOU for supporting the EFF! And happy reading!
Kinda wish Ice-T let Mooseman sing more often.
FOCUS: ON FILM: MOVIES JUST CAN'T BE "OK" ANYMORE
uh oh what happened?
Til the day I die I'm screamin out top flight
I love Mondays so much!!!! - said by no one ever
Bitches Only Keep Talking When They're Getting A Response
Is it weird if 2 sets of twins dated eachother. like bro and sis dating bro and sis? xD
Dirty 30 woo
GOOD MORNING YALL
It is beautiful out!
Ugh you piss me off.
in la bro hit me up pal
I am so hungry, what should I have for lunch today...hrm
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Just about to start the tour.... excited.....
##Str8LykeDes... What did you expect..?
The cry of the poor is not always just, but if you don't listen to it, you will never know what justice is. -Howard Zinn
love it!
I was being sarcastic.
RT : q3 yes! Cant expect him to listen to me if I dont! James 1:19 >> Amen!
Boiii i been said i was gone wash clothes but an't touched them hoes yet..shi! ion feel like it!
don't do it. Try the gum first.
I could really use a massage right now
Rockin and Rollin! Having a wonderful time. Busy, happy, stressed, motivated, tired, you name I am it but it's all good!
im also writing you an article right now
damn, some bitches had the ugliest dresses at prom..
If you've never looked at one of Jonny's tweets and thought "same" or "I feel ya" (etc etc) then I'm pretty sure you're a liar.
thanks! Yeah it pretty much sucks lol oh well thank goodness for my DVR ;)
"Integrity" who inspiers you ?
Trying to make some fast cash at Buffalo Exchange. Y'all know you want the clothes I've deemed no longer cool.
No, not just another spammer. We do occasionally tweet city info that may be helpful. Most of my stuff is personal opinion.
Enjoy this year. Enjoy EVERY single day. Enjoy being YOU. These are your moments!! Here's to a joyful, blessed 2012!
when the loves right, you just know ..
im in awe inside the new marlins park. i wish the Rays could defraud the city into getting one of these badboys
Where is my LIBRA MAN???? LOL! #Imissmesumu!!!
Well, in a recent interview Whedon said, "There was a script…there just wasn’t a script I was going to film a word of."
I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Wind—
Get ready in May 24 hr delivery will be starting. Late night cravings we will satisfy those, how about Waffle House delivered to your door?
It's a winning time..Congrats.
#turntoyou is defiantly dedicated to my wonderful mother <3
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the of the season, #Bulls announce. /via
You don't think the #Broncos would sign #Tebow's replacement on 3/16, do you??? : Feels like the start of Phase 2, pimp.
Some people are so lame
Really wanted to go to the reserve league game tonight, but the doctor told me to stay home.
I want to die on the toilet. That way no one will have to clean up the shit in my pants that inevitably happens when you die.
that's the solemn ritual of replacing my Saint Paul library card with a Minneapolis one. Moving day today.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Must. Get. Up.
Fridays are for #food tweets. #FoodieFridays we suppose. Actually, ideas welcome. Bon Appétit!
Dear Natalie, I shall resend. Signed, my beard
Tibs with a great call out of TO...
Craving some deep dish chicago pizza
the talker smh
Crowd D? There was 2800 people there. A just for showing up RT : Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
u teasin now
Even 's short topics are fascinating. Wish this session was longer.
OMG! you ok?
I got to have the world in my hands.
you are the most handsomest guy I've ever seen in my whole entire life <21 WEARING YOUR SHIRT NOW
and a shingle.
I just want the world to go away.
+ get a mention in our latest blog post - Making Strides: #Women in #Tech and the / Alliance
On #Auburn grad & NFLer leads #bike ride around #Alabama to raise $1M for #Tuscaloosa tornado victims
“: Our moms are going to Greek sing together how #cutee” aw our biggest fans!
Thanks bro! RT : yooooooo!! Happy birthday bro!
Cincinnati's uniforms look like they are out of a bad 90s workout video
#YEEE I'm so glad Austin Keller followed me<3 will u please follow me. It would make my day better<3
Tonight's just not my night </3 I'm off.
Lot's of good social media info from #SMisaParty panel at Dino's in Ferndale.
- Trigger hands down. TL Drum Rehab is cool sometimes, and do is Massey DTM I you want MIDI.
Time to go Downtown to celebrate..........Goodnight Tweets!!!!!~~~~God Bless!!
Starting to eat my groceries before I check out YOLO
Just made a hail mary partnership pitch for the Project.
whoa he does look like you a bit!
Singing leaves me energized :-D Maybe I've found a remedy for my #notamorningperson problem...MORNING JAM SESSIONS! Naaaa!
Just stumbled onto the most spewtastic 8-Game ever. Is this what heaven looks like ? #crushing 8-Game
Ate good, drank good, good game, time to sleep good!!!
You are going to LOVE it, promise! Thank YOU for supporting us.
are you cold with them covers
Brangelina has got engaged!
okay cool thanks
i honestly follow alot of people for a lively feed all day everyday
iight well live ur life. I wish nothing but the best fir u
My teeth hurts now I was just eating candy 😁😠
So now we know that the general election will feature a bland Ivy League party-alienating millionaire vs. Mitt Romney
I just ate. I'm still hungry. Why.
'I'm like Norway... Wait or is it Sweden?'
Good luck with that!
good plan. So very close...
9pm tonight on : #Chicago broadcast premiere of PRISONER OF HER PAST, about a son's journey to uncover the source of his mother's
if i got to follow i think i can get to follow me :)
Do it. Just do it. Don't think about it. Just do it.
It's just a rumor, right?! That's too crazy to be true, right?! RIGHT?!
saw my Teen Wolf boys in the abdc audience!!
Speaking for a team from one of my favorite companies this morning Southwest Airlines!
taking another nap -____-
but when ever you need a shadier to cry on, ill always be here
aww, that's really awesome :)
Your biggest decision in life is the biggest decision you can make!!!!
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
New profile Picture :D
Day one of the new doctoral program - biggest issue: bring laptop, or just pen & paper?
goin in the snow with sierra later!
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ya homie I see ya grind...keep doing ya thing.I'll meet ya at the top...if u get there first save me a seat
That's okay I understand :)
RT : Once upon a time, #wine was made. And we all lived happily ever after....
did that make you feel better
While Americans and others rejoice the death of bin Laden, no reports yet around the world of mourning Osama. G'd night.
ard bro. Is that jawn gonna be on yourube
nice! Love it!
Zing RT : I did "journalism" once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail. Here, puff! Here, puff!
The undefeated are defeated, and the defeated defeat
I hate spam
Oh, little mother, you're much too wonderful to be vainglorious. You're just glorious.
Channing Tatum is the sexiest beast evverr.
[Actually Blue Valentine is a great film].
You dont form in the wet sand, i do
Postgame will cover that for you let me know where to send the check
Before you question how ESPN managed to hire an Internet scammer, remember this is the company that willing employs Skip Bayless.
yea but he's gonna hv to do it all himself (w/Andrew if they utilize him correctly) so I don't see it happening
's talking about the positive energy of the crowd at the Manchester commonwealth games and how it made a difference.
my heart is burning & my head is aching. 😰
yes, true! i am also victim to this!
Listening to music
If you want a good book to read, try "The Trickster Makes This World." phenomenal.
Someone love me. Omg.
Don't announce to Face book all your personal problems, then get upset when people comment on it.
Agreed! Curating is not simply aggregating RT : I like that: curating is not selecting out, but adding onto.
I freakingg love (:
looks like he came 3rd in a hatchet fight. What happened to your forehead cuz?
Plans for the weekend involve bars. This has been a public service announcement.
you unfollowed me? :o
Technology is growing rapidly. Be prepared for the new advance. Use technology on the right direction in this globalization system.
just wanted to tell you that my profile pic is, like, my favoritest. That's real #oldschoolhomiegangstas4life :)
Mike Huckabee's a birther but is the "moderate alternative" to Rush Limbaugh
Goingg To Thee Zoo With My Mom, And Two Younger Sisters!
Spent my monday sick on the couch watching The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy, I have to ask, why remake them? Americans cant read?
finishing another site upgrade...this takes too long!!
hey muy inspirate is Jasmine V and she is my idol ;)
Did you see Chef Drew prepare his Poached Shrimp Salad? Quick & delicious! Up next is a Seared Diver Scallop dish. So good.
I fucking hate crosby. If youre gonna be a dickhead drop the glove like man pussy.
We have a good feeling about the game today with all the great energy in here right now! Go #Badgers!
List to us on Pandora! check us out!
84% of Public History programs have no coursework online.
Hey, thanks for all the great questions. It's a lot more fun with an interactive audience.
Traveling to #NACUA conference on Sunday? Build in extra time. S.F. Pride Parade expects to draw 750K people and affect traffic near hotel.
couldn't be any more happy! :)
OK, im giving my phone back to be DJ.
just got it...sweet!!
My puppy is so cute! I hate leaving him in the morning for school! ):
just got out of the shower.I'm #supercold! 😖
WORD! Good Lord, #shesannoying : Courtney NEEDS TO GO
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
Hey Helene, We're on to #Record at Lucas' house on Thursday. See you then
haha I'm hungry too! And I gotta stare at all this food lol
yah. I wonder who these visitors are. What works for one museum may not work for all
Blazers down 29-60 in the 3rd quarter to the Knicks? Just blow it up. I like Nate McMillian, but his time might be up.
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET. like 30 seconds away -_-
Awww... Cherry Street coffee bears! Love it!
a simple Wordpress project. Lots of little essays, links, videos. Nothing complex. Total mess for them, though.
Incredibly psyched to be headed to #ala12 in June as the Student-to-Staff nominee from UW!
Closing Thursday night: 'The Artist', 'Coriolanus', 'We Have a Pope' & 'The Perfect Family'
Communication works both ways . So Hmu when wan to talk .
I need #Followers :)!
YES. It's so perfect because they believe it for a bit then can't even come close to figuring out who it really is
Mother's Day Drink Special: Fresh Peach Bellini!
President could call defunding: "The Tucker Rule"
that's what they want you to do. Don't fall pray to their media whoring.
The Lucky One was a good movie. Thanks(:
you should be dancing for me ;)
Great article & couldn't agree more. Yes, we ARE enough.
Not sure where to go tonight? is playing shortly, come get your funk on!
helping my daughter with her homework and anxiously awaiting the VP debate! :)
#raw10 a Bro says Bishop Eddie Long is a Gay Sex Pred. He took a shower 4 hrs 2 wash off Longs cologne. It must have been Old Spice or Brut.
Back in the office for the first time in nearly 3 weeks....this should be interesting.
How's that Burt Reynolds mustache looking? Is it past the 'Burt - Aged 10' stage?
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 28
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
karma! I just put Sorcerers Apprentice in! ;p
we need a post hail storm pic now
No! Like we need to work on this Booship! I asked where oh where was my Boo yesterday? No response.
definitely campers on
Smh we had these niggas beat.
Former Cardinals DE Bertrand Berry on with Bruce Jacobs right now on The Fan
Thank guys! =] my friend was messing around on my computer =/
Really bad hair day .-.
Tomorrow Stephen Santa Cruz & cast go to participate on a show for PBS.
Elite Squad:The Enemy Within might have the worst title in the world but, wow, what an awesome movie. Check it out on netflix.
"Don't taze me, bro!"
Exams are like marathons for the brain. That's why I'm eating They sponsor the
Help us go out on tour to see all of your! Buy a bracelet for cheap or grab a tshirt and get free stuff! http:armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
aww, hi! (I have some new songs coming out Tues!) RT you are simply amazing and inspirational. I want your CD!
Fruit salad , yummy yummy
Discover Human Rights in the lower grandstand - test your knowledge and win a prize!
Yeah I think I just really like the format. So positive and constructive!
Still working.
"For every pulse a thanksgiving, and for each breath a song". Friday Thanksgiving dinner is about to commence.
Hello! I'm doing fine. Yourself? (:
" How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?" - G..U..R..Stupid. #IWin lol.
I knew it ! :) I wasn't sure so I didn't wanna be all creepy :b
Thank you love:)
your a good singer!
yes we're based in DC
Is she going play school now ?
doing great now that DWTS is on.
look into his eyes...that kid has cold blooded killer mean streak u see from the great ones #inittoLINit - u can't teach that
seriously got a waterproof jacket too
I ask because those seem solvable, while usability is difficult and usually terrible.
lol! “: because we both rock/ and do the fandango!!!”
oh yay i watch it is pprob the last ABC thing i do watch :P
game 6 of the 1st round equates to the superbowl?
What's a better way to celebrate baby bro's bday than ? I can't think of one....yum!!
relaxing then heading to my best Marys house for the evening :)
i did too
Merry Christmas from everyone Have a safe and happy holiday!
Wow what a long couple of days!!! Played in the middle of and Airfield today... what?
Shows being booked for Texas area and then back around to Florida. Will be posting newsletter and update video soon.
Daylife Saturdays at The Fly -- COME GET WET with us!!!
my opinion. Fri night MK. Sat afternoon MGM. Sat night EPCOT drink around the world (DATW)
enjoyin miami weather!
The semester for me and year have both been a tremendous journey. Struggle but success also. You are almost done. When times
I'm more interested in the "Bark in the Park" this weekend.
u ready 4 football soon son?
Procrastination is the DEVIL lol....
I haven't seen the cologne. I think any tutorial will get its fair share of scrutiny and praise. At least you shared one!
y the fuck is it so cold
My President has Wabash shut down!!! Police everywhere- wonder if he'll give a nice wave to the crowd by the Palmer House...
“: However, courtney must go down! Lol”. please! How did he not know he was getting played?
Time to sleep. This princess needs her beauty sleep 👸👑💙
Awhh shanks my dream just came true<3(:
Need a reason to be an artist or designer? The average American spends 97,864 hours at work. Shouldn't you have a job you love?
X videoS
haha yes I did!! I missed him, but thank you :) miss you
I go hard 24/6. It's important to go soft the other 24/1 and rest up.
's "Strange Attractor" has been stuck in my head for days! Can't wait to hear the album. Out on itunes a week from today!
eastwood. By far.
it was awesome even though I fell asleep 1/2way through - watching it again tonight!
lol you're funnier than I remember.. jk c;
LOL maybe it was in a joking way haha
Im done ready for prom shack thy ass
Can of Worms was a terrible show, nothing to do with the host Dicko. Stick to doing what you know best
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
5.5 mile run in sunny yet cool chicago, right along lake michigan; beautiful. countdown continues...9 more days.
I just saw this. It's nice to know that the object that stole your innocence is not indestructible.
Thanks tafari for u support brother A&D forever
RT : Were in NYC this whole week. If your in the area and want to build with us! Get at
And did you notice 's comment? Well put! It is hard to compete with Google and Amazon's interfaces...
on KBEACH global radio Weds 11am-12pm PST Stay tuned for DJ Mikey at noon!
Officially registered for 5K in Cleveland. Suppose I should start running?
": So lexii jus fuckin dies #tears"I know right
shid it shook me too lol
Fuck Justin!EMINEM is the king
the special beet and ramp salad is offered in all of our new york locations - we think it is delicious as well!
A lot of good music out right now! Can't stop listening to it!
Follow Me!
RT : Just got a full pat down at O'Hare. Tried to enjoy it but it was way too invasive. Did they go too far, seriously?
Please be careful! You are making me nervous! Going to see The Vow tomorrow. LOL wish u were here!
If only I had one more hour of sleep...
that can ride with us probably 5, but id say 10 or 15 lol.
Thanks for the mention!
Going to Austin for
Hey Annie i love your perspective pieces and column your welcome, your a great and very talented writer.
Mr. Romney's uncomfortable chuckles tend to make me, well, uncomfortable. Heh, heh, heh. . .
it is amazing how many people are still awake ha:)
Anytime you watch sports here you have a good connection! I hope you can make it back soon.
RT : thanks for the #NMFire RT. Hope you are well /Well, thank you. You?
no - when - today?
We'll have power strips in all the meeting sessions at #lma12 tomorrow. Woot to
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 7
Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :)
"it's so wet, warm and smooth just like buuuuuuuuuttttttttttteeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr"
Ivy is wagging her tail in her sleep.
False reports of Joe Paterno's death? Latest reports are that he is in SERIOUS condition. Family around him and he's fighting hard.
#WorstBreakupExcuse it's not you it's me -- wtf what they really mean is they can't stand your good for nothing Ass lol
THANKS Heather! Appreciate the shout-out tons!!
** Looking for Cost Accountants with strong ERP experience!! If interested, please send resume to **
that swag moment when your at macys trying on coats and say "taxi" like and feel like a boss.
Just got my 1st ticket too..in a long time. 73 in a 45. Sucked 4 about 10 minutes, but not going to let that cop ruin the day.
True true. ^_~
i can't even.
i wish taxes were a person so I could PUNCH them. hate numbers. blah.
Is the word "SCHMUCK" written across my forehead?!?!
Pondering the origin and utility of phrases "Crying uncle" and "Weathering the storm." Irene put one on us but we made it through.
Una frase aún mejor para Obama: 'I have ordered to halt deport of working immigrants until Congress acts upon immigr. reform'
WOW!!! So cool! So exciting!
Me and still need to party together
dont grab him from me
- hi Sue, thanks for the follow. Be well. Marc
IDK how I would feel about getting fired for cursing out a customer especially if they deserved it.
Yes, I can see the events, but it takes a long time to load on the page.
"shrimp screaming" LMFAO!
Lots of #NBA playoffs, baseball and #NFL news to talk about today on the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in. coming up.
What to have for dinner...KFC or to attempt to cook!
its a coke zero in the cup. mexican cokes are for home use only. :)
Misstep #1 flight from Austin delayed 2 - 4 hours. Flight to Barcelona moved back. Looks like we might sleep in the Newark airport.
Do you exercise regularly? Why or why not?
seth man i'm gunna miss you
is ready for big things in 2010! Thanks for joining us on this ride! -- TS
Felix vs. Wilks. Good test. Bring some bats against a Seattle team that knows how to hit in Comerica.
Non-Catholic or anti-Catholic? That's the first question. Not always easy to tell the difference.
but what about the ensuing budget cuts??
compass in hand but the needle is still spinning
Just because she dances with you in the club doesn't mean she likes you. She was just feeling the song.
Support our charity! Retweet Feed The D!
The European copyright on Joyce's work has ended, making this a happy new year indeed.
Saw uber-curator Hans Ulrich Obrist on the street yesterday. He's not as tall as I expected. I'm sure he thought the same of me.
Anna Sui ss reports over at & -great sale!
Great chat everyone! Have a great week!!
Like the song! Come to this house!
I couldn't sleep until midnight. I planned to sleep in until 7, but woke up at 6...
We get more page views now.
has done more creative design work in the past week than I have in months. Thanks #dietribes!
Enter the Matrix
I don't know what I should do. Should I go to school or watch Barca vs Chelsea?
Good morning btw
Red means stop. Asshole.
Damn. A party's title "Hot Buttery Biscuits" just got me hungry. I can almost taste it except I'm in bed.
I really do not want to lose one of my Final Four teams to a team with a girl's name on their jersey.
OPRAH's guest also saw her dad be cruel to animals.
look at you! So fabulous!
why not draft sunshine legislation-yearly notification "U have right to opt out. Here is the annual cost of testing in district"
Just me..Wishing Everyone a Happy Tuesday :)
There's Steve Blake with the first defensive effort from a Lakers guard of the night.
It's nice to go school and follow the PGA all day..
What if cats began to take over the world?
Brother: "there's a black lala loopsy with blonde hair.." Aunt: "What's her name? ....Sista loopsy?" xD
lol swag you out, though
directors are heading over to next week to co-facilitate train-the-trainer faculty workshops.
Don't worry about fixing ur fruit. Fix ur root.
Starting to feel raw around the edges. If something could get less stressful right about now, I'd surely appreciate it...
i count for 87000 people.. So i can help you to the 200k :)
awww you guys are gonna make me cry! :(... hatten i look so bad in that picture omg! hahaha
Waiting out the rain with an extra glass of wine. Staying dry versus a bit slower tomorrow morning.
Thanks Steve, you were a great innovator and helped us all everyday. You will be missed!
i sswear if Ed Sheeran starts getting famous around here shits going down.... that will be just not exceptable..
prom was fun. feet hurt from my killer heels but so worth it :) after party was hella fun <3
Next up: some booth time (sans booth baby).
ya got one more follower!!!
No. but I have been looking for a pic for that tour. They are all so you. Heck I was so young.
Looking for email client recommendations. Gmail is dead to me.
I don't know. I was on Mon-Thurs... and Saturday.
you're welcome! :o)
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't want ya money
Happy Hump Day. Make it great.
Real men will work toward the greatest good. #quote rt
i'm thinking 1st place would be a great birthday present for us aren't you?
Hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards... we need them!
I like Charlie :)
I don't what someone that I can just live with.... I want someone I can't live without!
Love seeing the #Rockies stomp the #giants ESP when Cargo is 3-4 with 4RBI's!!!
Damn , it's not even 8 yet .
Why not us? Why not now? I BELIEVE! Nuggs win with heart!
Shoot my dad is heated at me!!!! :/
Thx WH “: Today President Obama begins an all-out push to make sure college loan rates don't double. #DontDoubleMyRate”
I believe the one that hasn't had it longer. Thnx for the follow.
That's what's up! Thanks for the support, more dope shit coming this year!
this bitch...
Congrats mount union class of 2012!
hope you guys are alright. van flips suck, but can you see the irony here? for real. be safe. all the best -Evan
no problem bro lol
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS. Yall get at me for photos, videos, beats and recording....
#MLG sweet final. Rob Simpson is my arch nemesis.
": And that pedicure lasted 2 minutes. #DangIt." time to find a new place to get a pedicure
love your tweets and thoughts. Let the critics unfollow...
Is there anyway to setup an appointment with anyone from Bing to review my mobile search Bing API TomorrowBook.com?
i can't find anyone so its not a big deal if we dont do it
Follow Me Babe
Perfect weather to spend the afternoon working from Napa Valley.
What's the hot skinny?
Even if the call stands (in which case, it's BS) I'm happy that McCarthy listens to the fans/owners of Green Bay #ReverseTheCall!!
CollectionSpace open source project demo starting in Commonwealth C/D
I'm exhausted
I think you better stick with the kids in the pool. This one doesn't have legs.
False Expectations Appearing Real = FEAR
just did </3
harry im crying please dont leave one direction!
Thanks again for leading on the ballpark back in 2006.
now i'm looking at the horses! Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related. I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
just killed it...straight!
Waiting for former exchange student coffee with the President in Seoul.
Right? I can't wait for school to be over once and for all. Ugh. I finally got twitter on my phone btw
With respect...what does that leave, exactly?
Help yourself & others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
Thanks for the follow Jess! Have a good one :)
it was so gross !
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen has my bra strap in her purse..
Im #HereForNaya people do such stupid and rude things to get attenition.. stop acting like a bitch towards Naya.. Report him please
RT: What is #INSPIRATION? A must read book by a fabulous friend capturing the spirit and essence of women we all admire.
that's a great area to live and work! Congrats.
Is it bad I just retweeted a tweet about too many retweets? Did I just break twitter?
we are working on it! They are written just waiting:)
My 9yr old niece just explained this #elfontheshelf thing to me. Words cannot describe how creeped out I am right now.
Marinating chicken is the BEST use for buttermilk. Om nom nom!
Ah church tonite
Good luck with all 3 - grading, the paper, and esp. the maternity leave. :)
Student assistant processed about 80 #zines for the stacks this week. Check some out for studying/paper-writing relief.
Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented. Still got love for Mad Mush though
We all fear the unknown.
Thx for the follow! Love your shows. Great preso at breakfast. Can't wait to share Daniel Tiger with my son. Cheers!
"we have a problem!" All Beckel has is bluster & personal angry slurs! He should be more pro; he makes stuff too personal! Stefano
The #Cardinals Furcal tries to stretch a single into a double. But Brauny had none of that -- threw him out at 2.
"6 months" commercial just got us pretty jazzed for baseball. Is this opening day or what?
Out-memed by the tumblr staff at #mw2012. It's on.
It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is brewing!
Goodnight from the Winners Circle
I bet Kentucky could beat the Blazers...
well I think.
I'd like to be the ideal church planter, but I'm too busy planting a church.
I've definitely seen some of that in the US stuff too. I haven't gotten to reading through the _Heathen Woman's Friend_ yet
I know girls that turn into sluts just to get revenge on other girls
A very small degree of love is sufficient to cause the birth of hope - 2nd try!! Oops on the first. FAIL!!
I WANT TO PLAY! I'm so bored right now!
I didn't think it could happen, but I just tripped and fell into a life boat too.
tits are always a great thing
EL: Anthony Ranaudo makes AA debut tonight in Reading, PA. looking for 2nd straight over the at 6:35.
Two Paul Hastings IP partners go to Goodwin Procter in LA.
RT : Thanks for the mention, :) I appreciate the support! Always!! Hope you had a great week Jamie! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
using that threat of "fear" and "guilt" in order to control others and make them believe what you believe that is at the root. Let >
I can't wait to feel better.
I drink because remembering is overrated.
I am enjoy the night at the 2011 Texas Medal of Art Awards in Austin.! Pics to come shortly!
Three more days of running and only one tech-T. Either I have to do laundry or make a stop at
Aww man! I won't be able to play. Have fun!
yayy! Cool beans! Do you know alec Devine?
He poops cinnamon rolls. ": Brad Pitt is so perfect. Do you guys think he even poops?"
HIM BEIN ON DA BUS WASNT DA ISSUE HE USED GODS NAME IN VAIN AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED TO RUN DAT WEAK AZZ GAME
On any given night in America, anywhere from 700,000 to 2 million people are homeless.
hi new friends :)
I Love It
Fun is seriously the best band ever. There is not a song of theirs I don't like
if phillip phillips gets illiminated tonight on american idol i will flip shits
This Saturday is the parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
you're right, it was more like your shoulder plowing into my nose. my bad.
catch you all in three hours PST #DowntonPBS Enjoy!
FYI - Equipment Failure in Philly affecting MegaPath/Covad data customers. Pipes have been down since 11:30 last night.
Former ML Jim Leyritz, with new book is qualified "ringer" for Writers
can't wait 2 c win in NY : Caps win! It's 2-1 victory against the Rangers! Game 7 will be Saturday @ Madison Square Garden.
hey girl, look over by the door :-) Hope your presentation went well.
So....the entire 59th st subway station along the 4, 5, 6, N, Q, R tracks is filled with thick heavy smoke from a burning building above.
What a restless night I had. Smh
Thanks for sharing our coupon with your followers ! Have you tried our cereal before?
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm, New accusations of wrong doing against an SDPD sergeant charged in a ticket fixing scandal.
Skiles shows a little passion. Gets ejected.
makin cookies lol
Prince can literally build a castle with that contract...get $$$$$ wow.
“: And that's that. Pens got their asses handed to them fair and square.” ps PHL says thanks for the inspiration, #goon rocked!
it’s not about being right. It’s about finding the right answer
Lyme Disease Awareness Month: Six Tips You Need To Know To ...
My hair gets frizzy like really fast.
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 6th. Still 3-1 Maryland as we head to the bottom half.
RT : RT : if you don't eat the pussy, she got a hungry nigga on speed dial that will
Bridge flash mob!
True. What I like abt travel, in part, is how it highlights what we like/don't about home.
Great! It's always a great time! See you then.
Totes hopes that I get this job.
nothing but the truth love and promise not to let you down
Hope everyone is enjoying the sessions at the 18th C conf in Texas - Don't forget to stop in at the Cambridge book booth tomorrow!
If i repeat myself ,feel special
Makin a REAL late Easter dinner.
:Nice well have a good night see ya tomorrow hun!
Has there ever been a more fun series to watch? 1-1 already
RT : Bayer Naked ladies #SantorumsFavoriteBand // also a joke, just 59.99 yrs younger than Foster's
Disney movie marathon before the new year? Yes please.
Is your business operating with APIs?
Too desperate? : (
Are Lakers better without m w p?
The "Throttle 'Em Threes" are in full effect here. This makes me want a drink. Or a cupcake. Or a lobotomy.
also, "angels have to invest before traction."
"Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes u come alive & go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive."
Yes, AMZ is a threat. By being irresistibly easy, it could make our more affluent patrons care less about us.
UrockTour 2012 darichboyz Getting to the money 'Travel the World"
Hope your day gets better :)
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
I might throw up after everything I've eaten tonight. Why didn't I wear leggings instead of these stupid jeans?
Apparently.... When it comes to style... There's an Athens uniform
Tomorrow is my birthday,Im so excited,my wish is to meet you! 11:11!! <3
#NP Janet Jackson - "Escapade" Happy Birthday, Janet! That's my girl!
that is very interesting. I agree too much time on their hands lol.
Oh yeah, the less Gov. that you advocate for is not waste, not ear marks, but instead the "Safety Net". These are not Conservative Values?
So This Bxtch is so fucking random stanky booty ass shavaia.said she will fuck oomf and make her pussy wet!
Let's be more intrigued and fascinated with people's unique genius not there weakness!
my goal this month is to make atleast $200 this month from adsense revenue.
tonight they booed the poor little guy from Sacramento with the same name, Isaiah Thomas. He did well considering the abuse
Good morning Colorado! It's supposed to be a warm one today. What are you doing to stay cool?!
What a great photo! Frame it!
I was referring to his speech where he definitely sounds like a racist
Four most important words in social media: "thank you" and "I'm sorry".
Who thinks the guys from teen wolf r #hot ?
Nope, too fast for me
we must be brothers in the prognosticating bidness!! Saints and Pats for me too. Brady will be a surgeon today
Fresh Air on today is about childhood obesity
did somebody say liquior
great tweet lol
Because it's the game thread. No thinking allowed.
I wonder if watching play Text Twist is an example of the quick thinking and extensive vocab that makes him so good at what he does
Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God.
choose not a life of imitation
were we playing Shannon?
Thanks for re-tweeting. Have a wonderful week!
RT #YouKnowItsRealWhen I share my food with you.
Do you have any Saturday morning specials? I need to get the wife out of the house!!
Got a pain in my heart that I don't know how to fix:( Praying for Peace & Love.
thank you! ;)
thank u nthanks for watching
hearts #ievobio - have fun everyone.
Ciroc and good music... #chill mode
Badgers are making a run vs OSU on BTN. I hope they can pull it off!
that was THE best episode! Always love a good makeover especially with the hard to find more natural products
U bet
That's the motto(:
As usual, I can't sleep...
download an app called Voxer ;)
War has made me very PARANOID! and when you get to eye-balling me, makes my Agent Orange act up, makes me want to KILL!
Yeah! Have a FUN weekend shopping and enjoy! Any dresses in mind? (I LOVED dress shopping...)
It is sunny and I'm feeling good in south florida!
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
A simple solution to an impossible problem: today is the day I've been waiting for. thank you.
The Greater University & Fremont Chambers of Commerce helped to put on tonight's event. We love our neighborhood chambers!
Chinese baby eating is on the rise... Seriously. Where does America stand on this? Quietly in the corner.
Is there a watch party in NYC to tonight?
We will be announcing our RT winner at 5pm! RT this message to have a chance at a $25 GC to any Broad ripple bar or restaurant!
Posts made public in Google+ can be seen by everyone, including non-G+ users who know how to search by domain in Google.
#randomfact about me I am named after La Bella :) I luv my Italian name!
It's hard pretending you don't want something that you want so bad.
It's funny to see people on a morning flight to Vegas already dressed like they're going to an after hours party.
ok now im just being mean ill stop, those dudes actually make very amusing paradys/videos
I hate when you play the pity "who does a girl or what does a girl do" card
We're falling in love all over again.
You know when you fill the Brita, but it's top-heavy until the water drips through the filter? That's how I feel. Water-brained.
its worse, she is a daddy's girl that gets away with everything
me too. Let's go to panchitos in the village
the best part about your article were the comments... Your article was garbage bud.
I'm laughing I just called corrinne a frumpy ass hoe
great to see you too man! Had a blast hanging with you.
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her forget her heart was ever broken.
“: Early to bed & early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy & wise. -English Proverb” your point? #lol ;)
I only hope that you guys come to Seattle one day. You guys are awesome and should follow me, yes? :)
If you have an idea put it out there. You're a puzzle piece, just keep trying every corner till you find something that fits.
so sleepy #goodnight #sleepwell is it Friday yet?
Getting ready to prank the boss. Saran wrapping his beemer should do the trick! Take that Derral! That'll teach you to get a new job!
So, I wonder if Elmer Fudd ever sang that English Beat song, "Ranking Full Stop...?"
"You know, you don't act like a scientist." "They're usually pretty stiff." "You're more like a game show host."
My boy walked in the house wearing Aviators..and we did the 'I feel the need,the need for speed' handshake from Top Gun.
What You Want is AMAZING! I've been listening to the album for the past three hours!
Sometimes people needa dose of their own medicine !!
“: JR... when going YOLO goes right...” LOL
Repeats of Dancing with the Stars which for some reason is on Game Show Network.
Finding out that a song on your ipod uses Chrono Trigger music >>>>>>
HOW U WATCHING BF
Looks like I wont be outta here till bout 2
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking! ;)
we all think your character is up to something. Waiting on the girl fight with u and
Easiest way to stop giving a fuck? Never start.
All my exes live in Texas.
Live life and have fun RT if you do
I'm forever sad! That was my boo boo! :(
Just saw a dude with the classic "Mom" tatt on is arm.
M Frito pie at Baja Taco in my hometown!
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards - V.S. Law
hahaha so u didnt sing today
thanks for the shout out mang! Killer track!! :)
This Is What Your Future Home Might Look Like
My house smells like Artificial cheese ;)
RT : What u resist, persists. That is because, by ur continued attention to it in a negative way, u continue 2 place it there
Life doesn't have to be perfect to be wonderful. (:
Come out to Dave& Buster's for our Monthly Networking event. we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G. and parking is free
How long can you wait till things are back to normal?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Intelligentsia - Coffee Shop (live updates)
me babe
can't wait to see you babe. 4 more hours
If you have some free time check out Joe Mckinney's new Book Flesh Eaters, just finished today, fascinating read!! On to the next....
dude keyra said delete this so do it!! Just respect her buisness.
JUSTICE FOR #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!! stop #homeless murder by
I take it you like dick + weed. Good girl.
I wonder if New York missed me as much as I missed it..
Can I get a smashburger on Matzoh? Happy Passover!
big game for both teams positioning wise RT : Chicago Bears Vs. New York Jets 12/26/10: Mitch's Free NFL Football Pick
Debbie plays with an octopus while cooking
There is someone I missed so much, that's.... My girl
no! :( you can't talk about that yet
Late nights with the bestiessssss
oh yeah
Super Secret Separates Sale TODAY only!! Mention the password "tongue twister" and get 20% off all separates including sale items!
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
A lot of ratchetness!
#newpuppy I have an Australian Shepherd and a Shar Pei, big dogs for me too. :) Though I started with Chihuahuas.
Yea don't care to be bothered at this point.
Wow! November. I'm really gonna miss iCarly! :(
Facebook is getting on my nerves, Twitter is my new love
what style?
i had a pastrami sandwich with cole slaw the other day.. it was the most amazing sandwich in the history of sandwiches.
If there is anything that I've learned in life is that, 'they always come back.'
Many are just online pretenders or Munch show offs. Community takes on many different meanings.
you mean she ordered a BLT (bacon, lettuce and tomatoe) sandwich with Mayo?! Smh...crazy old lady
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
I hear there was a lot of back yard dry cleaning back during the dry cleaning prohibition in aught six.
that's one hell of a fog in #Manhattan!
where is work? let me know how much a tranny is.
I'm in. Who else is doing a #writingsprint w/ us?
Past 24 hours: Rode a plane through a windstorm, then saw a Busby Berkeley movie. Turns out the 2nd is more vertigo inducing than the 1st.
The answer is to read the fine print. Every time. Stuff being bought online makes these kinds of issues all too easy to happen.
So what is the differences between reply and retweet?
IKR! i miss you soo much !!!i dont even remeber the last time we hung out,oh yeah at the pool how long ago was that?
We are very excited to have had the opportunity to work on this amazing project for a great client. Thank you for sharing it.
Just raised my D to a B :))
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle your free to flirt with guys, without being called a ho. :)
: Finally listening to "Maybe Steps". I'm still trying to figure out "Lucid Dream"!!!!
Falling Alseep In His Arms Felt Almost Perfect(:
Thanks Pres! I hope you know you ARE my favorite daughter!!!! Love you too!
ok its all good... check out wmar channel 2 tv tonite at 1:35 on in 10 min
I'm at Baltimore County School HQ, where the school board is about to approve 30-year-old Dallas Dance as the new superintendent
that's why I'd take you on any athletic team of mine any day
Please, please, please broadcast old episodes of "Top of the Pops" in the USA! We hate Coupling.
i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or #brainPARKOUR <3
it's on!
Thanks for the follow
Don’t Understand Why People Say “Get Thee Behind Me Satan.” I Would Want A Guy Like That In Front Of Me… So I Could Keep An Eye On Him
League of Legends: The Harrowing Trailer
y'all made fnl great tonight!
People at fox are dicks . . .
ESPN NBA - Knicks PG Baron Davis has torn ACL and MCL in right knee along with partial tear of patella tendon
hey love when u can plz try to send me my joe pic <3 and btw it was good seeing you :*
see everyone at La Jolla!!
hope you all are having a great weekend! time to relax tomorrow, and back at it again Monday. Take care for now, and we will be posting a
That promise I made you? I'm sticking to it. I'm gonna do everything I can to prove to you that this isnt a game.
great!! How are you?..have a great day!!
Can you use #OHwaronwomen for your tweets and spread the word in the hearing room? It will make everyone easier to follow.
I heard Obama got a boner playing golf. Why is that news?
Yes! I like the sound of that!
Being awesome in Chicago!
Bring the ruckus, son!!
ridin through this world...
SHE CRSED HER OUT AM GROWDNED HER BUT I THINK SHE SHOULD HAVE WOPED HER ASS
Preach.“: I think Mean Girls should be a required viewing every year in all high schools across America for the rest of eternity”
Not available when login; denied of access by Four Square??? Is it Open access that we are promoting???
visit Facebook.com/SandyFeetEvents to answer our Thoughtful Thurs Question! Best answer gets FREE entry to Sparkle & Shine 5K!
My new favorite sports team name The Florida Everblades
Thanks to Twitter, it's like I never didn't watch the Grammy's last night.
omg, you changed your name!? :o
Cranky librarian I met early on in all of my sessions. If he'd been friendlier we could have networked. Tsk tsk
I feel you. Takin care of 3 drunkies tonight. Lol still happening!!!
Arrrr, It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day! Don't forget your OJ, unless you want to get scurvy Mateys!
David Houle says we are moving from the info age to the shift age at DCVistage2012.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
miss you more
Can you check in at the lake on foursquare tho? Lol
love that name.
Don't you mean "Chris" Everett his ass?
no problem buddy I call it how I see
Carmakers extend Chinese lineups with SUVs, luxury cars, EVs No one expects China's vehicle sales to rise 30 percent a year anymore, but
Holy cow! Good to see you here! Happy Tuesday!
Mitt Romney's in Youngstown today. That is all.
The task I HATE the most: Cleaning the refrigerator! And boy, am I paying big for procrastinating!
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has a great multigrain bread which is a very popular bread!
You won me a free app &drink? How sweet :) ha RT : winner #12. please dm full name so we can get you all set up.thx
I was told from you're great to follow!!!
The weather is smoking hot and so's Anya Marina. Blee dat!
haha ill let you know when we get the green light
haha that's what I meant to say and that sounds excellent :)
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
Unbelievable hockey game!
That looks really interesting. keeping an eye out for that.
Sure--always happy to share our #CCSS plan and resources.
When a player declares for the NBA draft and my first thought upon hearing his name is "Who?", that's not a good sign.
My hair is so dead :c
I feel ya girl. I need a glass of something..I dont drink wine
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed... Haha I feel like a dumbass
Can't blow it no dodgers
Gotta get ghost on em
“: Just laid down sick rhymes with this Doritos rap is the shit”
I think I like this look.
Watching Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life . I like this movie series.
#workwednesday need tools programmers for gigs in #boston #sanfrancisco, &
he seems to have gotten worse at singing... Or I possibly just hate him now, I dunno.
Birthday today :) Shoot then party with the family. #lovelife #HappyBirthdayToMe ;) <3
whats in your package?! :o
Heading to Taj Mahal tomorrow, but if the Cal beats Duke, I am going to be so sad I missed it!
Filling out my application to be on 's e-board for next year!
Long time no tweet.... I missed twitter ;'(
Each person comes into your life for a reason. When someone leaves our life figure out what you've learned and thank them for it.
Stop tweet watching so I know its real grrrrrrr
fudge final exam for geometry tomorrow T_T
miss u come to san Diego now!
super flattered. Many thanks.
congrats on representing team USA!
RT : Last thing on specially UK fans. Do you not realize you get EVERY recruit you want? New age, spoiled fans. Shame on you
Really great show tonight. Big thanks to , & /via
Thanks for having me. Always a blast. Sooner or later, Baltimore fans will get to enjoy baseball again.
i feel like i'll always be second best.
Today, I will be listening to Sermon via internet...didnt make it to Enterprise on time and the police didnt find my car
Today in my World Geography class I learned about Louisville, Kentucky :)
Shower, blunt, Muzik....
yes it is. Attending the grammys tomorrow. Very much in shock to hear she passed.
Sorry. Still freaked out. ;)
enjoy your day! I'm sure Eliza treating u well :)
TOO MUCH MAKE-UP ON A FACE IS NOT SEXY!!!!
False alarm. Just a guide error
Yep! Saw your entry.
try the Banana Pudding milkshake! It's delicious! #YummyInMyTummy =)
thanks for the repost
Love starts with an accepting mate!
My iPod is on shuffle but all it's deciding to play is ;D
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44. Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left. They gain yards but...
Thanks for the Twitter love! Have a great weekend. - The Successories Crew
Ive got my headphones on some real music while I run through the snow falling. It's amazing.
If Lincoln had waited till the people "evolved" away from slavery, we'd still have it today. Leader's who need pushed aren't leaders.
#HappyBirthdayRebecca You are the best daughter any mother could ever ask for! I LOVE YOU!
clock is tickin'! First recording session for my winter album is at midnight! 7 hours of waiting to go...
are you replacing Tiger! Welcome to the tour. lol
Did you eat some bread too?
If the past tense if dive is dove then why isn't the past tense of shave, shove?
There aren't any Animation Series 1 anywhere at DTD, which leads me to believe they aren't anywhere on property.
nothing's wrong with fangrling! we do it all the time (:
it is AWESOME YELLING so I am definitely not complaining
is recruiting for a Research Librarian in McLean, VA! This is a great opportunity for a senior level candidate! Please contact me for det…
dnt sleep ill catch u sleepin
All quiet in my home, then all of a sudden my bird decides to fly around his cage :l
A german kid stoke all of my virginities my girlfriends going to be pissed.... At least they left my animal crackers!
Finally a holiday just for me..
Every day i read news about that makes me fall more and more in love
that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!! :)
How can I tell a girl she's sexy without saying the word sexy?
rolled of the bed shot back pow pow
Good tip lol
Yeah i live my life by music lyrics but would u kno me any other way???? Probably not...
tell me about it! I still have to voice & been taking it too along with mass amounts of cough drops. All for the love of #DCU :-)
We bring You the BEST prices for Domestic & International Travel.Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com for ALL Your Traveling needs! Save Time & Money!
whtever u never called me after the mall!!!!! mala!
Sorry to hear you were ill! Sounds awful. Glad you're on Twitter. I missed you on FB!
Spearmint rhino.
Sounds good! Srsly, though, website looks great!
what's happening tonight with #mom2summit ? I will be there later.
Just overheard flight attendant say that we might not have in-flight entertainment working on NYC-SFO odyssey. Ugh.
let him rest! We played like shit and lost by 3... We can still handle business
#ReasonsWhyILoveMyself ima give all bitches lay-away receipts for Christmas......they never said u had to give the whole gift..just give
I dont wanna take them off
That awkward moment when you drink when you're mad and say things you don't mean.
she knows i'm scared of cats lol
me + 2 little girls that only speak spanish = no comprende haha
Every single thing I set out to do in my 25th year has been accomplished...turning 26 in less than 3 hours and I'm feeling ready.
thanks for the suggestion :) that's a good song!
You always* confuse me.
i miss when being gay was edgy.
But he gone nah, so im GOOD !
Enerchia fact of the day: According to Aztec mythology, #chia came from the nose of the maize god, Cinteotl.
tap will greatly appreciate
Did you know that before settling on Tiny Tim, Dickens' considered calling the character Small Sam, Little Larry, and Puny Pete?
that's weird because we have already had people message us on our "like" page
I'm pretty sure that noise is written into the building regs for intergalactic spacecraft now
he's in richmond, but reach out b/c i know they are planning a HH in the DMV sometimes this spring
Soft drinks: Public enemy No 1. in obesity fight? - The Keene Sentinel
#bednarz Speak your own conclusion, own the material.
way to nice to be in side Coffee and doing designs in the park all day!
OK, that is the first time I've smiled -- and laughed -- TONIGHT. Thanks, Bobby!
But don't Wall St and the big evil corps generate the profits that they need to fund their pensions?
Hey girl!!! Nice to see you again!!! I'm sure I'll be seeing you around...hopefully on big national sets, right??
Cant wait into it get hot so i can clown
$3 Bombs and $6 Riverwest Pitchers today at Libby's Lounge! 1682 N Van Buren
stopped by Audobon School's June Jam
your picture is phenomenal. Want on poster.
just a very slight bump.. it`s all good
The Colts should go for LaMichael James...
Long but productive day
dropping straight knowledge on the album! I hope people start to get the message, its a good one
Was semi tanker carrying ethanol, with rear axle smoking. No fire. Taking truck off freeway right now.
Your mods are at the Grounds Use meeting to get the game set up for Fall! Chairperson is wearing a Gryffindor bowtie. Good sign!!
my school offered crappy food bahaha i want mexican food!
I'm so frustrated bro.
Go Daina and Dace name readers extraordinaire!
Us too!
saw that when i was in SF! Wanted to go in.
Very enlightening. Not surprising though.
A full day of work followed by a 3 hour drive to the mountains is ahead of me. Someone entertain me!
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve = pay.
Congrats to on , and good luck in the opener tomorrow!
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to watch Disney channel , Nickelodeon, cartoon network on the daily basis
that moment when your old brother in laws gang up on you lmbo i love Ace && Blayz so much
Going through Sent mail to find work samples. Really glad the DMV got back to me on all those points-on-my-license inquirees I had in 2010
Ahhaha that was one of the funniest episodes of modern family
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!!! LOVE THAT GORGEOUS WOMAN ALWAYS
I feel like he was a pretty solid baller
More Chicago support for u and Garuda. B rockin it.
Seems Verizon centric.
I know there's a zombie bar.
Frankly, my dear, I couldn't. I simply acknowledged my defeat, smoothed my skirt, and sauntered on.
Hehe a flagget is a flag spinner for marching bands ;P
Uve been my fav player since I can remember, and was curious if I mailed you my Phins jersey of urs if u would personalize..
Sleepy, calling it a night
Today: Fall into agreement with your Magnificence!
is just waiting on fruit flavored to come out
Had a 5year old tell me today ...ain't today Saturday...I sad yes ...he said o ya yall go dumb on Saturday's ....all I could do is lol
Let's go #Spurs! Big game today.
Portland Oregon, do yourself a favor
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to tell their government to go fuck itself....
Gotta love computer issues on Monday!
jackkiiiie :( you can always talk to me. <3 haha
Valentine's Day Specials. Couples massages w/ champagne available here. DM for more deets.
Always so great to have you...thanks, !
I don't quite know how to say, how I feel.
Please tell espn!
are you okay? What did you do?
I'm considering checking out #LazyMeter. Any early adopters willing to express thoughts on it?
ignited? Did I say that?
I promise I'm being haunted!
My inner life is way more interesting than my outer life. I murder dragons in my head and eat filet mignon with George Jetson.
same here(: I'm like addicted to twitter it's insane(:
Trying too sweet talk me and shit.
I work next to train tracks &thought a train crashed, but the rumble just kept going. Wondering how to get home...is the light rail working?
Amazing Party Last Night at What a way to close out World Famous Wednesdays and bring in the Thursday Night Parties!
MAN! When you come to Los Angeles again?
Lets see what today brings us!
it's pretty good lol the porn stars are sexy haha
Call me maybe;)-Kelly
I swear Glenn Beck is Jiminy Glick. Even the name 'Glick' is a portmanteau of his name. You've fooled us all Martin Short!
thanks for the mention. See you at the show!
“: The Redskins know they LOST salary cap room -- right? #SnyderMoneyTrees” its Ol Danny Boy. he still hasnt figured out football
At for the "Flowers and Sound" Opening Reception Program.
Should have known this would happen...J. McGee leave s Wiz & starts posting All Star performances in the playoffs.
We share a common interest in motels/hotels... Yet she thinks that there is something more... Smh
WHERE is our check?!?! RT Lovely outdoor dinner in E. Village with
Mornin' all! Hope everyone has a great day full of basketball, basketball, and more basketball!
You are your own problem and solution.
Big monday night plans... #rhonj. I'm scared to see get attacked! Ah
Agreed! Comic Sans is only "funny" up to a certain point, clearly.
Western Kentucky has 140 total yards in the 1st half versus 220 yards for LSU. J Jefferson has taken all snaps and is 6-10 for 139.
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week! Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Foursquare or Yelp apps!
: I was in outer space hahahah
Seriously though, it's validity is being discussed. Would love to go.
I'm so glad! I hope you have a lovely weekend, too, Roberta :))
I shoulda planked on that bitch who asked me for an ID and blamed it on the al al al alcohol
I want to! Fixed it ;P
I wish bosh will come back already
What's a guy gotta do to get some music gear around here!!!!!
Is anybody else ready for winter to be over and spring gardening???
Loving today very peaceful..........
Quick: First 3 people to tell us a fun fact about armadillo's wins 2 passes to the Armadillo Christmas Bazaar!
#np 'What the water gave me' Florence + The Machine
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
Heard you're coming back, is it true? ;o
CHARISMA! Fuck swag
Cheers to our Life-Support Japan coordinators:
I don't ever want to know your fax number.
never too early for a boner.
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
No headphones and CST testing. Perfect
Hehe RT We all make mistakes. That's how most of us got here in the first place.
Taking my 2 boys by the new campus of The City's Church Las Vegas. Josiah says, Can I be a guest speaker?
u got your playoff this year. Top3 teams all will have played each other.
First time that's happened since 1966. Something is obviously wrong with the world right now.
why is the match tomorrow a chairs match not like a tlc or tables? whats the difference between a chairs match and tlc?
#mahonefact Austin's biggest dream is to have tour with , don't worry it will come true hun :)) just BELIEVER
that girl is sick.
NO HANDS
We don't! I love them but the landlord won't!
Mariners-Red Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
I want chocolate!!!
Speaking this morning on "How to Maximize your Fundraising Potential" Come see me!
Captives is a great read but I think Games' The Web of Empire is a better fit for the context of Global History
I just seen my second grade teacher Mrs. Sacca from Allegheny! Omg she remembered me too!
You wanna talk. You wanna talk about it? There's an elephant in the room
Work right after church
Blowjobs are like family, your always mad when they cum...
RT : Yea Rockies! :) Too bad Dexter didn't get to try for a cycle though.
A rescue?
Anyone ever seen Space Chimps 2? I have....
This is just a continuation of the last game. An 18-Inning nightmare for the #Pirates vs. the
We are very thankful for people like you who support members of the military, veterans, and their families
Focus less on Birthdays and Start Celebrating Milestones in your Journey of Life.
whatta amature ": My cat did something really cute, but I wasn't ready with my camera. #FirstWorldProblems”
|#quotes You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
What do you guys think of the show so far?
Yum, gotta love me some Cuban food
Making some progress. Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
thanks for the follow Best study abroad program in Florence EVER
up all nite, cuz i slept all day ! smh.
Would you take midnight classes? Could they be right for UNLV?
Be lookin fly
almost hme. U ok?
Wait I NEED Hot Wings.
bitch you are growing a fucking hairline i wouldnt even come to skool if i was u first of all you fake as fuck u have no friends no life
What is the point of a doctors app of u have to sit here for an hour
Follow us on twitter
Watching the rest of Up completed my day
5 guys with and
Three yards to sadness. I can't believe this crap!
hey baby girl
you forgot the part where she charged him with fists raised. not that I'm surprised by that, let the spin machine begin.
Awesome! ": Jennifer at Dunkin was already making my coffee while I was walking in the door. Today's going to be a good day."
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Loss of balance in your dog or cat? Dizzy? Let's have a look.
oh fizz wouldn' t you like to know! ;)
Great composure by Cincy, they could have folded. I give Tx alot of credit for the comeback.
Something that will integrate with Windows 8 and end up delayed and rubbish
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:
Ted Koppel IDEO news segment is getting played at #drupalcon ux presentation... isn't it a bit dated?
can somebody say this is seven years of frustration pouring out the Oakland Raiders.this is INSANE!!!!!!,but a good insane.
well.....I have to have mine out TOMORROW morning!! : (
Couldn't agree more. It's double speak from the state. Move towards CC but be held accountable for the MSC.
co worker is complaining about phones ringing, um, excuse me but your job is to answer the phones...
Bulgaria. And you?
LOVE that. Know where she got it?
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Bring your show pass & get $10 off! 312-552-5100
Time for a nice long jog
#milwakee Fun Wood Fact of the week: An average American uses about 750 pounds of paper every year, and 95% of homes are built using wood.
MAKE ME!!
All of our rewards are now en route! Our most heartfelt thanks to you who gave us the gift of life.
How are you?
In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your paths. ~Proverbs 3:6
oriole nation appreciates the effort! Starting to believe!!
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! Miss is coming close to reaching the 16 millions followers on twitter! Britney Army
Pretty little liars tonight! :)
Garber- no accident there are so many Israeli students at Harvard ...and have a huge impact at Harvard.
someone be a doll & send me the link for the newtour diary?pwetty please
sushi and candy! That's why I'm so fit
not only I'm a big fan of you, I would love to be a real good# friends with you. Because your amazing
Our owner Jennifer featured Red Birds Pinot Noir and Mommy's Time Out wines on this morning with McGraw Milhaven!!
I was talking with him on the phone while they were all watching the finale (with her in the room)
Why isn't there volume control for people sitting around in coffee places?
I crashed :'(
4y.o. museum veteran explaining to grandma what touch/no touch signs mean. And "oh, let's do this first, you'll love it" = wonderful.
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
Yay #teenjeopardy I can actually answer something
I would say Nokia. Razrs break like crazy!
Two great collaboration ales on tap - Sierra Nevada/Dogfish Head Life & Limb and Ommegang/La Chouffe Gnomegang.
Totally wanting to make some more vanilla bean cupcakes. So moist n fluffy!
RT @ ilDonnieli -u missy out on here yo <<<< I know man, I need 2 get on here more lol!
Do me a favor, save that s**t, bitch
Yeah it's so funny sometimes
HAHAHAH discreetly fanning the body odor away
Why the startover button? I clicked it instead of go twice. #notpayingclose attention
More balloons. My friends are so cute:)
LOL I figure if I get it done early this morning I'm DONE and don't have to fight the crowd on Saturday or Sunday :)
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his woman the same as he wants her to treat him <33 don't do something you dont want done to you!
A cool 10G my friend
We UltraSound More Vaginas By Noon, Then Everyone Else Does All Day!
Remember I use to be stress over a nigga, now I don't give a fuck about a nigga.
please RT this tweet(: it would e amazing(:
Is resting on his day off before "Opening Night" of The Producers at The Walnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia on Wednesday, May 20
Need a little live music in your life? Jeff Campbell, and Keith Moody will be here Tuesday May 8 for a night of live music. May 8 $5
,Good morning my friend, I just had my second surgery and recovering very well
you're welcome, hope you guys are having a great week!
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit
#NOQUESTION RT : S/O Nate P.
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much I loved him (:
“: hi, you're perfect.” Hi! You're awesome:)
Looks like you are provisioned with Blast! speed rated at 27mbps down and 4mbps up sustainable speed. Are you behind a router?
2 #maddenbowl tickets to first person that takes a screen of the Madden Dev team in Madden12. Must also be a follower.
All the best people are in the dot cafe right now
What happened last night?
Now a Blackhawks fan! and I just went nuts!!!
I lost a little respect for Rodgers when I heard about the new restaurant...
The gold ring in my performance was an heirloom from hte grandmother who recently passed. She was an artist. Great eye.
“: Thunder are making the Lakers look like some P.E. All-Americans!” HAHAHAHA!!!!! So true!!
How come after the longest nights i wake up so dayum early?
and then you woke up... RT that's what she said.
With my beautiful sister watching anthony de mello! Hyfr! Errthang is going to change!
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. - Lord Byron
to our show right?
made mistake of opening on iGadget. My god your fingers could accidentally land ANYWHERE. Will ck later on Big Girl computer
localization has gotten much better on the most recent update (thanks!), when're we going to see integration?
What did you think of at CWCCs High Tea this afternoon?
wish I could go to hickory to be with the best guy I know :)
Someone come protect me from the scary thunderstorm ;c LOLJAYKAY I need somebody to cuddle with now, kgo.
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer with DAVID BOREANAZ!!!
RT : Q. What are some of the industries that are seeing a surge in social entrepreneurship?
Ray Ray Ray = money
what a wack first half!
Want to find out when our next discount code for tickets is coming out? Then you'll have to follow @ them for encouragement.
Support the Growth... We Support Those Who Support Us!!
Just saw arrive at the #helenhayesawards 20 min to dhowtime!
"I always make friends with writers so they will write me in something. But writers are always so weird" said the douchey actress.
okay, so maybe computers arent their thing but seriously the iphone is amazing, imagine having ed.
life is getting so much better in just a little bit of time.
as one of my friends from bk said, "u can take the kid outta brooklyn, but u can't take the bk outta the kid"
Fiesta is here! Fiesta is here!
We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page. We believe in fashion. Never spam!
ANGELS IF YOU DID NOT SEND YOUR EMAILS PLEASE DO SO. ALSO IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SKYPE ACCOUNT PLEASE SET ONE UP
bahaha! I like that analogy a lot...
ahah I know. And only like 3 pictures. Want me to post the pic?
That's what I said, minus the Jeep and the tent but both good thoughts!
Using forecast -- go to gym on bet; follow through
Proud of being 1 of the 30 girls on
happy birthday
You're welcome. :-)
Exclusive! Get $4 off your haircut at Official Fades Barbershop on Fulton & El Camino. Get the free Qponomics app 4 more details.
Big week for Gymnastics and Baseball. Both are peaking at diffterent times. RSTR
I've had so many gay friends and family around me for so long it doesn't even seem "normal" anymore. It's just everyday life.
Sending out a few acceptance letters, nominating for the pushcart prize, and welcoming #submissions with open arms. translitmag at gmail.
Monkees star Davy Jones mourned in private funeral Monkees star Davy Jones has been remembered in a small private funeral in Florida.
Been busy, I guess.
Just ran into the Emily and Bruno out for a walk! Great to bump into neighbors!
congrats on the new place! Looks like a great neighborhood via
the fish tank and swimming pool is stupid.
I'll sell it to you next time.
Getting a bit o' schooling in Alberta politics & the Canadian system—healthy bit of knowledge for my ignurrunt USA self.
im on here bitches
Meryl Streep
2012 is going to change your life.
Possibly the best thing for you to buy today? Tickets to on June 1st!
What design can bring to policy-making
YES! lol and she bothered me on that show, too.
rad! I'm excited that there is a new panel structure for #ALA - ill email ideas & stuff.
lookin good Dylan 👍
I get it. I am slow. Loblol
On this day in 1968: Apollo 8 returned to Earth!!!!
Today was a good day.
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
just touchdown to my destination
When's the next new episode??!
Apparently, 80 yr old Lugar had become "too mellow", not tea party enough. What a shame, only GOP vultures left.
thanks a lot for that Dirty Bieber Secrets tweet!! Now I won't be able to sleep... Really disgusting stuff...
Maybe we'll see Starling Marte? Who knows.
oh ok, I gotcha. That makes sense!
RT : Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
My bro is DJ'ing and putting together a fresh event this SUNDAY w/ ! This will be something new.
What's new?
Love that the lady with the "hit it here"sign st the game just put up Kruk and Kuip on her sign!
y its too bad..illness should not have stigma..it keeps ppl away who most need suport.Cool you got to knew her non public side
im sorry took me so long i was on instagram but now your officially followed by
Yes, folks. Weather happens.
yup, serious indeed. I'll be there in a few days and then back in the beginning of December long term :)
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes! Great event!
Hey one thing the lakers can do well, turn over the ball!
Lover of all beautiful bitches
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU, I'M SO SORRY. DO YOU REALLY WANT ME TO LET GO OF HIM? I MISS YOU SO MUCH. PLEASE COMEBACK. :(
Uh, yep, my first tweet : )
Will do. Let us know if you ever need any cool etched #wine or liquor bottles for any events.
“We must rapidly begin the shift from a "thing-oriented" society to a "person-oriented" society."
let me know how your inquiry went about coming to Station North.
#WaysToImpressMe a diploma; college degree.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there - Will Rogers
what the hell with all the road closures? 110 to 66 is shutdown, highland street is blocked off.. just trying to get on 66 here y'all
You know that thing about laughing so hard till your stomach hurts......it's true
Dear autocorrect: I meant "good morning." Not "good Niebuhr" or "good mutiny."
correction, there is a facebook account for one out of every 9 people. Lots of spam & businesses as accts
Hello everyone ready to
I wonder if web analysts who LOVE are paid to say so because my experience has not been lovely. My <3 belongs to
Favorite Taco Recipes These taco recipes give you lots of ways to enjoy one of kids' favorite foods. Of course, you can make classic grou
Woo I'm excited! Sounds delicious :)
We're big fans of your music! Hope all is well!
you are my new fav!!
My friend just tools me my ass got bigger .... That just made my day
I think i need to start a petition to get to move to MD so he can be my assistant.
also be able to set up the playoff rotation, oh and maybe start at miller park? Not in Philly
MARCH FOR BABIES with us tomorrow morning. Meet us at the small park next to the Georgia World Congress Center, GA Dome 830AM
haha ¡That's so funny:) thank u! ¿Y ''funny''? ¿Como es? ¡My gato esta loco con mi mamá! :-)
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen being told BTWBALL's tickets are sold out when someone finally answers the booking no. you dial.
I love the way dresses, she looks gr8 everyday.
RT : Headed to the #Rockies game!!!!
Yeah, yeah. :) "I am not a Gadget" and I don't plan to have my face stuck in one for the whole three days of
my tweet for the month lolz...i should really check this more often
: definitely can dig that... Give me days you think would be optimal & I definitely can shoot to plan for it.
AFTERNOON POLL: When’s the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
It's on n poppin with a Peppermint mocha for Monday
Listen to our interview with Paul Irwin on "Indiana This Week" on Saturday at 12 noon. Catholic Radio Indy 89.1.
sry that u won't c them but I'm happy ur moving 2 Miami I live here and it's alot of fun u won't regret it :)
what's going on with u mama?
ah too bad we don't have the same brand or we could share :(
thanks for following :) have you tried posting some of you work on our app?
me too, I've been craving it for months. Who has dreams about restaurants like that!? Lol
I'm too lazy to text you so I'm tweeting you :) get ova here NOW whore.
I love that Dior commercial where Charlize goes all orange again....
New Designs for PhotoBiz Flash Portfolio, Blog and Store Sites
My real friends are at dance.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever (; x
We should have had her come and document Web Slam this weekend.
My left IT band is incredibly tight this morning. Taking this is as a sign to not workout today.
"Every man dies, not every man really lives." Which movie and who said it?
Tonight on 10 How about renting tools for just $25 a yr., there's a place in DSM called the tool-lending library.
My desire to hear new AHAF shines even brighter, I just don't want to pressure your creative flow
My Dad just tried to bribe the hostess to cut the line at Red Lobster. Ain't happening. Not even in Vegas?!
TY for the follow! I'm enjoying AZ right now
Thanks for #FF!
Duck duck nigga lmao Kevin hart
Ima blow Boom ass up if he keep playin with me !
I'm so territorial when it comes to someone I care about
Great day for the Austin Food & Wine festival! Looking forward to mingling with some great chefs and sampling their works.
My son also has a CHD. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
haha i think you have told me that before...
I will j rob
Hell yeah we do
Yeah! When's your birthday?
As an #Aries you're a pro at trying anything new, always filled with invincible energy in other words, you're the perfect first date.
Thanks for the shout out !
I believe in Kiall. ITS REAL.
Welcome my wife to Twitter!
twitter is a lil slice of reality,, CERTAIN people need to realize LIFE is a big slice of reality
smoking, baking cheddar scones, so much whiskey, cathedral of st.john, no sleep, and as much mysticism as i can handle.
That's a lot of sexy naked people!!
The "50 days of prayer" for #GC2012 is devotions not a prayer guide. #disappointed What prayer needs for GC do you see?
That was a beautiful rendition of the Golden Girls theme song.
Thank you so much for your donation and your love and support! And for being pretty goddam radical!!!
I'll have another : Drinking mint juleps or margaritas today? Both good options! Happy Derby Day & Cinco de Mayo!!
Where do you post your fic? Could I have a link?(; Fic for a fic?(:
I want OT.
Best freaking performance of the night so far!!! by far!
Windy City Wedding Show 526 Brides Pre-Registered, Vendor Booths are still available. 847-774-8910 for information.
Headed downtown to Gino's East for team dinner!
#BREAKING MT Attn: Animal junkies. BuzzFeed will be posting awesome cat pictures in the early am. Set the alarm and visit.
you say you getting money mane , we ain't sen nothing !
Your amazing !! :D & I LOVE how you stay true to your fans ! (: xx
Just fix back the pieces together
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
yes vanessa =NYU, Jimmy = uconn law, Jenn = southwestern law school in LA, great for entertainment law
Spent hours making Christmas cookies so my brother can eat then as fast as he can.
and thank you. Wish the wifey and mama a happy day too!
Hey guys help out the school and post our videos on your facebook
Pretty bummed about my structured settlement, I need some cash now
We'll miss him and so will the kids of SE Little League - Paul Rinkulis has passed on. Its a sad day in the South End, Boston
what are y'all talkin about? Lol daughter?
RT : Standardized testing being given solely on computers: just another way students of poverty are getting totally screwed.
Blasting lil wayne so Morgan will fall asleep. Interesting musical tastes for a 4 month old.
Oh damn this Levels Reverse edit sounds badass!
Total 80s love! Pretty in Pink and now Mannequin on TV Guide Channel. Yay, !
the hummus and feta cheese, combined with the roasted red pepper reminded me of the sandwiches at Jubilee Juice
Welcoming Caleb Lavin To the Queen!
Guide To Clickbank - Earn Income Without Google Adsense
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
RT : Great seeing & really cool stuff coming down the pipe next week!
Glad you enjoyed your time here. We'd love to have you back. :)
On the day that I applied for the job as a corporate writer I brought along my English diploma.
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do." -- Andrew Carnegie, Industrialist
": I work with your brother Jet! Hes such a sweetie:)" Aw, Thats awesome! You work at McGraths then? I used to too!
Fantastic RT : On my way to LA. Teaching sports law to inner city high school students through
It's goin down tonight inside #ClubEmpire... holdin it down till 3am!!!
Just got back home
Exactly, all he needs to be is better than Maysonett and he's worth picking up for a tad above the minimum.
PickUpLine: What would you like for breakfast? Why? Well I just wanted know what to make for you in the morning!
U.S. Treasury plans to sell $5 billion worth of AIG shares
all i heard was "WOWW" and then everyone is laying on the ice what
Hi Josh aka Josh! :)
Doing final checks on 3 new career-related guides to be released in a matter of days. Thanks to for making them look beautiful.
yes we do , i want a penut butter & jelly sandwich know ! M with a glass of milk .
Last final complete. Now treating myself to a nap and Lily&Laura Bracelets.
So cool! --->>>RT About to board the 787
I see you! Yay!! Congrats!!!
I will check your blog for sure... Thanks.
i was promised ihop today. did i get ihop? no.
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
In other news: there's chaos in the brickyard (Forscher, 1963).
Hold on fool... What new lane??
Why is Fred Armisen on so many stations?
Through April, Marcum has been his same old consistent self. Melvin totally whiffed on buy low opportunity.
yeah right lol you'd be like no *hangs up*
Besides Natural Balance Massage (of course :o), the Belt Pkwy's north view of the bay & Verrazzano Bridge...stunning vista!
record store day one week away!
Happy Steve Appreciate Day!
I heard that people who smile and laugh the most were the ones hurt the most. I laugh a lot and smile a lot; it's been rough the last 3 yrs
was 2am the night I got there, didn't sleep a second before work the next morning.
I couldn't have had more fun than hanging with and riffing on security stuff. Thanks for letting me hang, guys. =)
you can talk to me! I read all of them plus the extra books. It's been a while though. I even sent fan mail to K. A. Applegate
same here.
Enjoy some lunch and catch a little #PresidentsCup action with us this today.
Saturday brunch faves?
trick r treat looks awesome
Marie dmed you
I'm bout to have to go to church
My boyfriend is looking extra cute in his tux! Haha have fun tonight! <3
Big thanks to Bill Grogan's Goat for helping us out with some gear for our Pontiac, MI show!!!
The best way to build trust right away with someone new is to go into the conversation with enough room for both.
#Follow SlimRoyale - funny guy!
ME TO....third one in a row....... #NeedBreak #ButGreatful lol
I totally just found a $5 bill in my winter jacket. And immediately bought myself a coffee and left a big tip.
#PartyMemories Daniel Zwibel's house...R.I.P Dan i miss you so much bro, im coming to your grave soon to burn a phattie & take a sum shots
Somebody has to go polish the stars, they're looking a little bit dull
#18k Congratulations you are the best girl<3 I love you!! Follow me?
Great panel - Economic Impact of Fitness Industry in Vancouver USA! Thrilled to assist in bringing sports events to
Postgame on Sat!
Will be as soon as Cats take care of little business. Then time for Reds to roll on Central.
These guys are cool FYI #99conf buds!
I love having a boner. ;)
lol hell yeah he was... was soo gone lol
omg Congrats I have to come see u or u can come see us
5 TTs! Man That's Just The Way We Roll ;)
I just love how my niece was too busy to come see her aunt! I think my feelings are hurt. You could have just said hi :(
Love is delusion that one woman differs from another
If I don't get a Shamrock shake and cheeseburger soon I'm simply going to die.
Over the past few years, Washington and Pittsburgh have faced off in a tight playoff series and more recently the 2011 Winter Classic
Shabazz would get drafted top 3 in this years draft. Nasty.
adam i miss you! (: i hope your day has beein going good <3
since he has new kid he prolly at home
The only birth control my public school provided was square dancing.
what's a dinkleman?
: get into it! Excited 4 the summer!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there!
Y is the game playing a re run tonight...
Come on newcastle!
I'm gonna need your help. I got a free desktop. Going to have to upgrade to run arma2 and dayZ. 8o!!
thank you!:)
make sure to get out there. It was amazing. Nothing like hooking up with packer fans on the other side of the world
1st time running in 3 weeks, wow that was rough! Gr8 to get back out there though. Torrey Pines Beach was beautiful as usual- 70 degrees ;)
they should have some decent Chinese food places in Detroit, right :D
thanks babe! Love you too 😊
thanks for following me! What are you working on this week?
to hang out... Duhh catch up on the last 15 years or so. why not. Do you think im up to no good?
follow back
Ah Damn!!
RT : have to say, after seeing the entire Jill Milan fall collection, we want every...
Loving the latest Castle episode, Sherlock!
Mine's coming soon :) I'll be sure to shoot you a link.
You been where widd who
A very special #FF and thanks to ! Anyone reading this should follow 'em. Do it!
OMG! That's you?! Just heard about it on FB! Congrats!!
What'd you have at Harvest?
YOU WILL BE HERE IN 3 WEEKS.
RT : If you don't follow , there is a 98.7% chance you don't really love us.
Working out in the yard, mowing and trimming. I thought I just did this last week?!
Hi Matt, wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in a contract UI position in Philadelphia?
getting deep bro
Finally up
blasting music.... hopefully my mom doesnt come home on lunch...
lol I hate the power of VAGINA LOL
Why I do what I do! ": #MogulTalk Anyone can build a product/service... It's exceptional marketing and PR that makes the winners."
they are just Jealous of your success Kori. Pay no attention to them your doing fine ;)
Reverse psychology always work...
your welcome! Love ya too!:)
Haraway's "infidel heteroglossia" triumphs over late-semester late-capitalist lassitude.
“ Former JET program teachers looking for #Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donation Ideas pls
DREW IN LEATHER. <3
You can build an audience on your own, sell directly to your readers and pocket the cash without splitting a penny with a publisher
RT : #CenturyLink name coming to #Denver skyline! New signs will replace #Qwest signs in early August. More details to come.
we act like this win is both of ours....
Gotta love it, when TUSK is being played at the #LAKERS game, and you're the only one in the room who can identify it, LOL!
yeah bro y'all get all the hoes/horns what ever u wanna call them
RT Today during5 o'clock hour,I'll be on NBC4 here in Columbus.Fingers crossed I don't look like a fool!Congrats!It will be great.
Challenge groups start soon! Workout+ nutrition+accountability all in one! Don't miss out on a chance to finally get in amazing shape!MSG me
cocktail + cookie exchange preparations
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
have you ever tried tomato jam? The sun golds are so sweet I think it might be good.
S/o to everyone that got faded last night and is on their way to church right now.
Alethos anesti! Had some lamb on the spit today.
Gah I hate USA Today. "Should Tebow be unleashed against Steelers?" More like "Should Tebow be lobbed at/flop around/get his ego checked..."
where did it come from NOBODY KNOWS! How in the hell is that possible >8-{}
Giants defensive front will give the Packers problems
ahhj just the right ToD Oh how I wish I was there now ;) wish you were here now/ pink floyd
the cute little thing about a smile :)
This day is just going to suck
Intel's 'Centerton' is first Atom chip for servers: Chip giant will launch a special Atom chip for servers to take on its nemesis ARM.
This is paper delivery person's asking for a holiday tip. Mail the tip back in the envelope. Stranger is your delivery person.
I did. Since I was on vacation I just got it last week. Thanks
Thanks for the tweet! We will be posting new songs every couple weeks too! It's always nice to see people help local music!
careful not to trip over all those names you're dropping ;)
legislators are ultimately totally aware they need to rep. their constituents. Their ability to parse voices hampered.
Hoping everyone had a great weekend!
only sort of agree
Just what I (the world) need (s)... "Monday Night Raw" switching to a 3-hour format beginning July 23.
Spending one more afternoon on KISS FM! Enjoying another beautiful day! :)
Looks very nice but chilly right now
"Error establishing a database connection" is my porn name
“ "Death before dishonor" signs: #Taurus, #Leo, #Scorpio, #Aquarius”
Straw Dogs is NOT scary at all!!! But TONS of hot guys!!
Big win for and the over #Badgers big-man with 8 pts, 7 reb, 2 blks off the bench
and his verse on 'Throw Some D's Remix' is filthy lol
I think spicy foods help get rid of your cold! Right? 
We need to catch up more often.
I'm the king of boggle, there is none higher, I gets 11 points off of the word quagmire
Q3. Do you have any tips for saving the most money while grocery shopping? Have a club card. Even if it's not yours.
the pacers nigga?!?
R.I.P. to the thoughts in my head that I want to tweet but use better judgment and don't
RT : Holy shit that is awesome!!!!!
Hello to my new followers!!!
Mom: fine I 'll cheer for the Kings.
Last 11 days in Texas was #EPIC Thank You
And someone is giving a sermon on the bus.
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
love you <3 lolz, I'm in school
#bucciovertimechallenge Sharp and Torres
I voted against helping bully victims defend themselves! Don't hold it against me!
Hope she is taking care of the kids 2?
man and it couldn't have been at a more awesome part, explaining the fist pump hahah
#FirstDateRules look at her while she talkin' n act interested even if u not...
Why is it every time I sign in, I forget my password. -__- It's not even complicated! >_<
I hate when skinny people call themselves fat just to get compliments
Sock it to em'
Hearing stories of people who find missing rings years later makes me wonder if I'll get my SLU ring back in 2033.
Alright, I'm climbing my 5 foot nuthin' self off this soap box. Oh, and happy mothers day. :P
y'all anywhere near bourbon street?
Good afternoon ladies :) dont be afraid to say it back :P..
Congrats! Happy bachelor weekend!
It's a celebration at Auditorium shores to kick off Rodeo Austin. Coffee, biscuits, pancake--ALL FREE
Can't wait to get out of work tonight...
Don't forget that you can also play WPT Texas Hold 'Em on Nintendo DSi! Download it now at the Nintendo DSi shop!!
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details
Good Luck..! in the 4G Tweet Race
2011 was a year like no other for Diverse Mobile. We created , , and the . More to come in 2012!
“It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; He will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.” Deuteronomy 31:8
Just realized that super troopers is almost the same cast of beerfest
no doubnt bra, just chillin, takin a break from a long day ya dig
hahhaha. you are so right, but still. soo gross.
At Hospital w a sick baby :(
Earlier today, Ricky Williams told us he sees his statue as a celebration of the entire University. It will also include the dreads.
I certainly will take you up on that offer. Can I bring baked beans?
setting up fb
's bday party, prolly gonna be as lame as he is lol, happy bday bro
So THAT'S what it feels like.
in the last pic, im the girl in the white skirt(:
i'll have to celebrate with a post workout pbj
"Knocked Up"
Da Future Video Shoot 8:00 pm Friday Oct. 29 at Triple A!! Come make a Cameo!!!!
ice cream sandwich yet?
Let's Make Things Happen
At right now in between acts. Can't wait!
We suggest LA! RT : In need of a vacation...Miami, ATL, or LA to see fam soon...where should I go?
Happy girls are the prettiest. Share that beautiful smile with the world.
Lottery board weighs Ga. gambling proposal
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
I traveled 5.5 miles via bike. Feeling pretty damn #accomplished. Yay me ;D
Thank you, happy Monday! All the best- Jake
Q2 Who has had success keeping a group of people, especially youth quiet? A space for both would be ideal.
It has been 1 YEAR since i fell in love with <21
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right!
Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,France,Ireland are all an ECB problem. They will deal with it with massive amounts of printed euros, no choice.
Need a little pick-me-up? Stop by our Newbury store for a FREE hot coffee and $1 espresso drinks! A taste of what's to come in the new year.
Spicy garlic wings @ our favorite wild wings....m
Putting away your phone and paying attention to those talking to you? There's an app for that. It's called R-E-S-P-E-C-T!!!
Our hours for April are Thurs-Sun 10am-5pm. See you tomorrow for new outdoor adventures!
": Out of the top 10 most unliked videos on YouTube, 5 of them are from Justin Bieber."
Looks like the California Supreme Court wants to give the Prop 8 backers standing.
that made me laugh so hard. Love yous
So cute!
HERE *raises hand*
might cost more tomorrow
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" <3
*eye roll* i got some of that too.
I'll take the blooper.
BREAKING: Queen of Disco has died of cancer. She was 63.
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk.
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone. Miss me a little when I'm gone.
School uniforms next year? Thanks Brian.
What are you most looking forward to this summer?
that was the most disturbing YouTube video I have ever seen!
thank you! :D
I got three new #dancemoves 1. The single , 2. Double Dick Down, and 3. The pussy waterfalls, videos and institutionals comin soon lol
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!XOXOXOOXO
This is so dangerous. RT " Bethany Cosentino for is now online! Start shoppin' ladies!"
I can't wait to see your new video! You're so funny(:
Wisdom is the study of difference. bgr8now
Governor says he's willing to consider a revised tax bill, but GOP doesn't seem inclined. Zellers - "I don't know."
you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
Alright i hope you have tons of fun
"Forgot my passport. Had to sneak into Canada to perform tonight. Don't tell!"...<They didnt wanna keep you?...just kidding!
want me to call and wake u up n the morning?
call it "my life". It'll sell :)
I have two weeks to find a place to live! In getting anxious!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you decide to fuck every girl you see you stupid dumbfuck
Knicks got me tight right now
“I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends
Wake up Lisa!
At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one. Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd.
Honestly With the strength of our love We can go nowhere but up <3
I'll still be here when you come back buddy. Everybody needs a little break sometimes. I've considered it myself recently.
come to florida so we can meet <3333 if you came to suprise me for my birthday I would be like agdjhxeuebd .
Whats next for ?
Breaking news: Summit County Sweet Skunk is back on the shelves!
I Have The Body Of A God... Buddha.
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
Just got home from vegas!!!
Aww :-) RT : Happy mothers day all. I love you mum &lt;3
About to embark on this 6 hour drive to fresno, ca
Fuck you bitch
lol when have you ever texted me ? I don't even have your number !
you are welcome; have a great weekend
LA needs a Waffle House out here!! I still haven't found a good breakfast spot yet!!
Do you know any good hip-hop clubs in Frisco? Preferably ones that have local talent?
Deb! Deb! she's the woman! if she can't do it, no one can!
ah I understand...I feel it's bad luck if I tell people...
Brothel sisters on the loose
Everything was very entertaining! Enjoy :)
just hopped on the train. So ready for day drinking, mani/pedis, and a night on the town Mili style <3
Thanjs for the follow!
WHY IS THERE NO BASEBALL TODAY!!?? :( BEN IS SAD!!
Arthouse, I am still going to send in my pieces. I've got no problems with you. I didn't realize artists were so ready to turn the hurt on.
Thinking about working up to a simple 2D card/board game desktop application in Java. May work up to 3D & applet. Interested?
haha well thank you! ;) I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS! Haha
#EDUCAUSEPolicy staff in attendance at #iappsummit looking forward to meeting our higher education colleagues at lunch
awww too sweet :D
Dissapointing that Fox recycled set-up/music for their soccer broadcast. And Peirs Morgan? Having an accent isn't a credential.
Add vodka to her water, and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it....
16: You are pretty! We should defffinatley talk more :)
Right? Trying to get our heads around it. Btw, we're at the printer now. Should be getting you some books soon :)
I would love to come to Oklahoma. But with my work schedule it would be hard for me to get off that soon. Gonna Memphis!
Hazards of academia: had to postpone my monthly hair appointment for more time for dissertation revisions.
It's bath night for Ava, doing this solo tonight. Wish me luck!
Walked by the Duluth Curling Club tonite. A sign there had the phrase "Vice Skip" written on it. I want that to be my nick name for the wknd
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply. I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
ME TOO!!! literally right now as i type..lol
I'd respect the opinion- if it wasn't dressed up & paraded around as if it were a fact. Its all hypothetical anyways until you
“: Cruizing the streets of Berea with the Guns and Roses blasting.”—When I think of Paradise City, I think of Berea, Kentucky.
Thank you for the shout-outs today!
Parent- Are you talking back to me? Me- Well, yeah. That`s how communication works.
please hold your mad men tweets until all of us on the west coast watch it!!
Jab We Met or 42nd street!
It's like voting for zits over warts
your on a bracelet
*Skyscraper= Story Of My Life, #ThankYouDemi !<3
Sad to be reading all the #marac tweets, wish I could be there! Too bad Georgia isn't the Mid-Atlantic.
Cocktail of the day - Godfather. 1) Pour Scotch whisky (1.5oz) and amaretto (0.5oz) into a rocks glass with ice cubes. 2) Stir well.
what's green and smells like pork?
Miss my #united kids 2day
thank U 4 showing me some love Bro Bro!! :-)
:)) yupp. :p Im coming to LA in march for spring break! i cant wait, but spring break is so far away. :( lol
Free baseball.
Nothing is lost that is born of the heart. ~Basil Rathbone
How about, "Internship application process needs to be revolutionized"?
Teacher lets me out an hour early to get ready for the Tyga concert. Ill bring a bag of apples on tuesday
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds. Cool.
Working until midnight tonight :(
Boy do I love you, I don't know what to do either.
Me and Donovan told my mom we put the dishes away and she literally started to cry from shock.
#primaryschoolconfessions back when coloring was homework.. I miss those days!!
Tuesday: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
Thanks! : ) I'm looking forward to meeting you one day!
Great job everyone! RT : It is OFFICIAL! As of 5pm, Oscar's - Beef, Booze & Broads is OPEN!
Great night of learning. 5mi run w & Paleo chili dinner w & standing ovation model.
actually I believe I look the best.
Sex scenes always make me horny...
get your youth into core training..follow us also at Youth to Core and implement the program into your team sports
Long work day ahead. here we go!
Hope the poor boy is suave.
Come on #BARCELONA!!!!!!
You can't rush perfection.
Happy Birthday! Those are amazing. Can't believe all the details in something so small. Enjoy your day!
Time for Light It Up!
don't worry: you will be assimilated. Resistance is futile!
wow first time I ever caught yer tweets live. You come here often
Haa well thanks :)
If elected Obama and Romney will do nothing but increase our national deficit and keep taking personal liberties from Americans.
yes exactly! I need a new pair of flats!
watching the draft from twitter is already so awesome!!!
Hi, cute leprechaun! Happy St. Patricks Day! :) xoxo Love you!
RT : The best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
They're still there. All 7 piles.
me am amber r gonna fly over when they play you should hook us up with a tour I'll even put in a good word for u with amber
My pops literally drives 20mph...even on Germantown parkway...omg pullover and let me drive!!
I question some of the people who make videos on YouTube. Wow.
Fighting a cold laying in bed. Tryn prevent myself from getting sick
Do you work in NYC? Matthew
I had no idea you were such a great singer! Wow! Really love your voice. Hope this finds you well.
Kiss me hard before you go.
IM STRAIGHT.!!!
so annoyed banks are trying to rip u off left and right
Try to keep busybusybusy.
I feel SO horrible right now
ANYONE? MAGICIAN? ABQ area. Want to hire for Trade Show, Sept 14, Hard Rock Casino. Reply if interested. Disappearing Water Act a must!
Happy that Will Barnet and Martin Puryear received National Medal of #Arts, & John Ashbery bags a Nat'l Humanities Medal!
Thanks! Hope you have a great rest of the event.
I don't see why people complain about Indiana so much
the office closes at 4
Nothing like eating leftover outdoor-grilled hot dogs for lunch to feel like you're having a picnic at your desk.
your dentist is a billionaire alcoholic? I'd construction dear getting a new one. ;-)
What is the perfect pairing for an AWESOME WEEKEND?
but if we dont we're very sorry and we still love you (: and you are still a True Bieber Fan!
I sure wish this lounge singer could do something other than John Mayer. It's so bad, I'd rather hear John Mayer!
I want my two dollars!
Also, this release means any of the 200+ who got a keycode at BADCamp last weekend are good to sign up. :)
when will there be a new blink 182 album out? I'm dying ..... hahah
Did I really do that? Yikes!
Thanks for the #FF Chris! Can't wait to hear about your next project! You are always doing good things in education innovation!
My mom can never see me happy , smhh !
*Finally* getting started on my e-portfolio write up.
getting my braids soon. the summer workout plan begins. 😳
I miss my ladies.
haha i'm so confused!
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
you need to come back to Seattle with your lovely very lovely self :) i remember meeting you long ago... ! :)
Key Elements to Think About upon Buying Bucket Truck Sales
That the Secretary of Education was with the President Friday and hadn't thought to say, "Umm, before you make that proclamation, sir. . ."
Guess I thought wrong : /
Can't decide what color to get my nails done! :/
A moment to THANK our SPONSORS for #Fusion2012 ArtWorks! Gwinnett: Appreciate you supporting us!
I stay up. Ill sleep when im dead.
where are you moving to?! (:
The police are looking for a thief with one eye Why don't they use two?
My perfect day would be shopping, Chinese food, movies, and Starbucks. c:
LOL! autocorrect is so stupid 1/2 the time. Someone should make "Auto-correct Correct" << ;-)
The question that now constantly plagues me: how much of what I'm now seeing is the product of the filter bubble?
love you joy!!!
Bryan Anger is the second best punter to come out of Cal...the best was obviously Dave Lonie.
This is all we poor women can do...Prepare yourself for usefulness & devote all your powers to the service of God.
Joe and Bruce look like brothers. Maybe Bruce should be an honorary Flatlander.
oh okayy, hopefully he follows me(:
Why u say that?
I am a social media hoarder too. Now every time I log on I try to Unfollow a few folks.
awe that's cute<3
Listened to the whole 1D album today in us history.... :)
Thanks Nikki! I appreciate all and any support. :)
Santorum's right. America suffers from porn, but it's mostly repetitive motion syndrome, blindness and hair on the palms of the hands.
I'm reminded how lucky I am often. I act deaf and blind to it at times. Then the right people open my eyes and ears thankfully.
Watching Crash!
Pamcakes are my favorite.
You wanted less how bout nothing?
Understand when your spouse needs advice vs. simply needing support. Before trying to problem solve, really listen.
Coming up: Our weekly book review and making a happier life. Stay tuned.
I am not naming a dog sparkles!!!
yeah let me text you I dunno how long this is gonna take
know exactly how u feel!!! Lol it's okay we all have our days!:)
DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!
on fire!
ashley I am a big fan of them I am also from La okeii bay
YOOO!!! Been working my no-ass-at-all ass off. Trust me. That's not good when you're a skinny ass white dude.
#Boston Worst wants you to know who the scum bags are in Boston. Are you being bullied in the workplace. Dm me and I will expose them.
slow but I'm about to stop planning and start making some decisions (also title of a book :-)
The resignation of George Zimmerman's "lawyers" seems like a stunt. Were they ever really his lawyers? Strange.
Just found your site, and i love it!
I cant sleep worth shit!!!
Chillin with my cousin
How far was that? sheesh
i was just thinking about shows i could get addicted to over the summer, and you reminded me of 90210.
you get to see the movies you want to see, and can do it on a whim. Its great!
Talking to you and just laying in my bed!(:
Great Easter. Ate candy, #yolo boarding, long boarding, jogging, swimming, and watched Bad Teacher. Pretty Productive day.
Dear Jordan Taylor: Our Hero has not missed a free throw yet today. Take notes.
So happy Bulls are going down 3-1 and on way out of post season. Let's go Miami beat NYK.
Just saw an old lady walking around with a YOLO shirt on... Classy
Bout to get it in
Today I'm going to go twice as far, in the half the time, using a quarter of the energy. How that is going to happen, I have no idea.
so ready to be home
Splitting duties between #eyecare technicians and testing team improves #eye technician productivity:One practice increased 6 tech pts/day.
hell yeah he is, and yup
Q1: time is so important that they don't even follow any design model.
We experienced 9-11. Can you imagine experiencing 9/11, plus all our elders have? D-day? V-day? Pearl Harbor?
Haha, George did well with his contracts. The Gershwin estate is still reeling it in.
Tonight at 21st and Boston in a circus tent, we complete our first full season!
I was sleep by then lol
Not to overdo it, but this chair's address is making me feel all warm and powerful inside. Seriously, this is why we come to
So true! RT : Only #slpeeps can appreciate the difficulty of the word "church"
aha really idek i just like the way it looks(:
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect.
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have :) We help fund co's that are premature for the banks. Excited to connect.
- loving Michelle! Your guests tonight really have Casey's number; I'm hoping you're playing devil's advocate re: brain damage
Ribs are ready to be eaten! Come by the Shack at 24th and San Antonio St.
luve you need to hit me up bout pimping out your boys page
the lies under secrets ***
You should try it. It really works. Just don't pay for anything if they ask you for money. That's usually a scam.
At The Snack Bar in Oxford, Mississippi drinking whiskey!
What the fuck is this @ symbol hashtag shit, is everything not just scanned & public access? Yeah... dont see me caring enough to understand
The debts of poker players like Phil Ivey, David Benyamine, Erick Lindgren Full Tilt Poker and Groupe Bernard Tapie,
ha, you only have 30 days. I dont think either of you are going Christian Bale in the Machinist diet.
:) right. would u send ur kids 2 pub schl if u knew they werent good, just 2 send them 2 pub schools?
Ladies Night at Cardinal Bernardine School tonight in Orland Park, IL!!! Come and get your holiday shopping done!!!
congrats! & good luck moving forward in your career!
k well do you want this parking thing i think its so you deffinately get a good parking spot...
Looking forward to Kravet
hi! I like ur profile pic!
Fill in the blank: If I could only eat one Chick-fil-A meal for the rest of my life it would be _____.
If you're in pain today, it's because something GREAT is on its way! Keep pushing!
Hey it's like the movie and tv series, "Friday Night Lights".
oh wow Zoobrew2012 sounds fun. I may just have to buy a ticket...
Get your customers to call you. The more effort they put into knowing about your product increases your chances for a sale.
Does the have the raisin balls just like the ??
Jeff B. from Hernando, MS must be so ashamed of his shitty skunk joke on my Laffy Taffy wrapper.
'Magic Mike': At EW's photo shoot
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
Just seen your message. No ebook available, but email and we'll see if we can arrange something.
:D. I can say the same about you!!
Thanks Mel. That *really* helps!
There's good information to share with my #jour111 students in this lecture, but I must admit to picking a snoozer of a lecture.
you can pick them up at any point today. The east box office is open right now.
Ah I hate when they scare me like that! Assholes -.- haha hanging out with the guys and my bestie :)
Ever seen a robotic spider, a rocket ship, or a fire breathing dragon? Paul meets their inventors at the Maker Faire, Sun (7/11/10) @ 5:30pm
I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue... Especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain
Its super brisk out today
Can you make it down to Milwaukee?
who won?
Hey Dawn, it was great seeing you again! I hope your weekend is a fun one. :)
Fireworks? What did you expect the IDF to use? waterpistols? What would happen if you messed with the Russian army or Egypt??
Goodnight dolls! 😘
have you seen the new CBA language abt rookie contracts, is it called the Russell Rule? lol
Gayle’s Miracles is a reduced fat, low-cholesterol treat, that is all natural.
Just found out in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball EXPERT Draft I have the 6th overall pick. Draft kicks off at 8:15pm ET. Who Do I Roll With 6th?
TIO's marketing is working on new website. Next show 4/23, location TBA.
Instead of putting Mayo on your sandwich, use Gourme Mist instead! You'll save 100 calories!!
Great time with tonite. Great to see
Just got back from our first day in the studio and everything's sounding sweet. So excited for everyone to hear!
Hope everyone had a very Happy Thanksgiving! We're open regular hours today and tomorrow, and are offering double rebates, financing, etc!
Going to DISNEYLAND!!!!!!
No, it's not surprising that he flew off the handle like this. Bigger question is what happens next.
My friend sent me a Happy Mother's Day FB message. I replied, huh? He said I always tell him what to do & keep him in line. Hhmm.
I'm working on the six traits all children need to learn to be successful in life for the homeschooling folks.
I didn't mean YOUR butt.. I meant the catalog picture butt.. I'm not that creepy. ;)
Thank you so much Ruth! RT : I love your song! <33
Things couldn't be going any better :)
on the mountain of goats
Regardless of the channel, we need to make sure ppl are mindful and responsible [in journalism]
Your welcome (,=
at My house maybe?
more followers would be nicee but its ok im still going too be me
are you serious. Wow the guys are sexy as hell
i'm going back in five minutes and if it doesn't come within a reasonable time i'm committing suicide
Sometimes, the Wrong choices take us to the Right places.
thatss hot? do you think we are running today?
because my people are coming back into town on Saturday in the am and I'm picking them up and said she has to be back
The Skylight Music Theatre presents Thursday in the Ward with Wine. Eat local artisan cheeses, sip wines, & enjoy a show!...
Thank you, Stephanie... very much! We're still OK, 20 miles away yet, just a bit smokey. Looks to be a long season!
Coming Soon Photos !
We would like to congratulate Fr Borislav Kroner on his recent ordination to the Priesthood! Http://uocusa.org
Yeah, I think it would be a nice option for many. Plus, talented coders without college educations can still make good money.
I want to see a picture! :D
totally agree with this!
I wasn't sure either plus I had my disguise on #readingglasses :)
I am Jared Askins and I am a twitter addict
Got a set of lower level Saints season tickets for sale. Rights not included. MSG me for details
Foul mouthed amiga. M
I Do It Myself, (Adobe Photoshop!) I Don't Pay Anyone... God's Gift In The Becoming of What Has Already Created! It's In YOU! "BELIEVE!"
Hiya Haley -- just got back from Old Main!
: ESPN Mike & Mike interview the winner of the BassMaster fishing contest EVERY YEAR. He isn't even an athlete. But he's a guy.
How can anyone who spends $990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
innovation lab USC talking "second screens: so what?" w Jonathan Taplin
Be sure to follow Newark Pride Alliance CEO
Even when brad does nun brad still get the blame for it I would really love to know why
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
In Propria Persona => In his or her own person
pretty sure i just ate a bunch of foil #shouldibeworried???
It's been years since I've talked to you/covered JPL but...your sister's in Bleached? Love them!
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo Not be on that #bartab hype!
Learning about iBook author - in a 2 hour session at my work. nice.
Happy Friday eve! We hope everyone has a productive Thursday!
"basketball wife" is my new look
Chirp Chirp...who's goin out tonight!?
Garden of Goodness (named by a young gardener) at Friendship Court provides veggies for 50-60 families
drunk-driving) if they have eaten someone who was drunk?
ALEX I LOVE YOU. you and austin are hilarious, i love your videos!! want to follow me? :) <3
that makes so much more sense in my world view. That's awesome.
just keep following people!!!
That was stupid granger
Agree. Of course they would also sell some ads around you as they added you to that group....:)
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
Maybe he's in the studio now <3<3
I already got some tho, I keep them nice my vans are wrecked tho
Justin made a twitter.
Chandler arts project doomed by lack of finances The sole applicant was unable to get private funding for the ARTyard project.
not mowing though...
NOTE TO SELF, when texting pictures home landscaping, don't title the pictures 'my rocks'.. i may have lost a few friends
Is it Friday? Is this April? Is it 2012?
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following!
Man , a lot of good laughs today at work ..
okay (: when do I have to send it ? And do I send just the pictures ? Or put the pics together in a video ?
I'm bummed about Whitney.
I know better than try to imitate Erin. I'm nowhere near as adorable--she had the market covered!
haha what time is your rehearsal over tonight?
The moto saloon has a tempeh reuben and an ipa for me and it wins for best place in cville, yeah.
"If America has a future, Jazz has a future. The two are inseparable." George Russell: Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization
"going to the ground after the score" ??? these celebration penalties are so absurd.
Had a great time writing with Carolyn Dawn Johnson last night!!!
good stuff you sent me on
Hey RC/FV, if you want me to tune in again, you're so going to have to dial down the Alexis airtime and bring more Diane. K, Thanks.
